COUNT ZERO

William Gibson
1986



Count Zero

THEY sent A SLAMHOUND on Turner's trail in New Delhi, slotted
it to his pheromones and the color of his hair. It caught up
with him on a street called Chandni Chauk and came scram-
bling for his rented BMW through a forest of bare brown legs
and pedicab tires. Its core was a kilogram of recrystallized
hexogene and flaked TNT.
	He didn't see it coming. The last he saw of India was the
pink stucco facade of a place called the Khush-Oil Hotel.
	Because he had a good agent, he had a good contract.
Because he had a good contract, he was in Singapore an hour
after the explosion. Most of him, anyway The Dutch surgeon
liked to joke about that, how an unspecified percentage of
Turner hadn't made it out of Palam International on that first
flight and had to spend the night there in a shed, in a support
vat
	It took the Dutchman and his team three months to put
Turner together again. They cloned a square meter of skin for
him, grew it on slabs of collagen and shark-cartilage polysac-
charides They bought eyes and genitals on the open market
The eyes were green.
	He spent most of those three months in a ROM-generated
simstim construct of an idealized New England boyhood of
the previous century. The Dutchman's visits were gray dawn
dreams, nightmares that faded as the sky lightened beyond his
secondfloor bedroom window You could smell the lilacs,
late at night. He read Conan Doyle by the light of a sixty-watt
bulb behind a parchment shade printed with clipper ships He
masturbated in the smell of clean cotton sheets and thought
about cheerleaders. The Dutchman opened a door in his back
brain and came strolling in to ask questions, but in the
morning his mother called him down to Wheaties, eggs and
bacon, coffee with milk and sugar.
	And one morning he woke in a strange bed, the Dutchman
standing beside a window spilling tropical green and a sun-
light that hurt his eyes. "You can go home now, Turner
We're done with you You're good as new

	He was good as new. How good was that? He didn't know.
He took the things the Dutchman gave him and flew out of
Singapore Home was the next airport Hyatt.
	And the next. And ever was.
	He flew on. His credit chip was a rectangle of black
mirror, edged with gold. People behind counters smiled when
they saw it, nodded. Doors opened, closed behind him. Wheels
left ferroconcrete, dnnks arrived, dinner was served.
	[n Heathrow a vast chunk of memory detached itself from a
blank bowl of airport sky and fell on him. He vomited into a
blue plastic canister without breaking stride. When he amved
at the counter at the end of the comdor, he changed his
ticket.
	He flew to Mexico.

	And woke to the rattle of steel buckets on tile, wet swish of
brooms, a woman's body warm against his own
	The room was a tall cave. Bare white plaster reflected
sound with too much clarity; somewhere beyond the clatter of
the maids in the morning courtyard was the pounding of surf.
The sheets bunched between his fingers were coarse cham-
bray, softened by countless washings.
	He remembered sunlight through a broad expanse of tinted
window. An airport bar, Puerto Vallarta. He'd had to walk
twenty meters from the plane, eyes screwed shut against the
sun. He remembered a dead bat pressed flat as a dry leaf on
runway concrete.
	He remembered riding a bus, a mountain road, and the reek
of internal combustion, the borders of the windshield plas-
tered with postcard holograms of blue and pink saints. He'd
ignored the steep scenery in favor of a sphere of pink lucite
and the jittery dance of mercury at its core. The knob crowned
the bent steel stem of the transmission lever, slightly larger
than a baseball. It had been cast around a crouching spider
blown from clear glass, hollow, half filled with quicksilver.
Mercury jumped and slid when the driver slapped the bus
through switchback curves, swayed and shivered in the straight-
aways. The knob was ridiculous, handmade, baleful; it was
there to welcome him back to Mexico.
	Among the dozen~odd microsofts the Dutchman had given
him was one that would allow a limited fluency in Spanish,
but in Vallarta he'd fumbled behind his left ear and inserted a
dustplug instead, hiding the socket and plug beneath a square
of flesh-tone micropore. A passenger near the back of the bus
had a radio. A voice had periodically interrupted the brassy
pop to recite a kind of litany, strings of ten-digit figures, 
the
day's winning numbers in the national lottery.
	The woman beside him stirred in her sleep.
	He raised himself on one elbow to look at her A stranger's
face, but not the one his life in hotels had taught him to
expect. He would have expected a routine beauty, bred out of
cheap elective surgery and the relentless Darwinism of fash-
ion, an archetype cooked down from the major media faces of
the previous five years.
	Something Midwestern in the bone of the jaw, archaic and
Amencan. The blue sheets were nicked across her hips, the
sunlight angling in through hardwood louvers to stripe her
long thighs with diagonals of gold. The faces he woke with in
the world's hotels were like God's own hood ornaments.
Women's sleeping faces, identical and alone, naked, aimed
straight out to the void. But this one was different. Already.
somehow, there was meaning attached to it. Meaning and a
name.
	He sat up, swinging his legs off the bed. His soles regis-
tered the grit of beach-sand on cool tile. There was a faint,
pervasive smell of insecticide. Naked, head throbbing, he
stood. He made his legs move. Walked, tried the first of two
doors, finding white tile, more white plaster, a bulbous chrome
shower head hung from rust-spotted iron pipe The sink's taps
offered identical trickles of blood-warm water. An antique
wristwatch lay beside a plastic tumbler, a mechanical Rolex
on a pale leather strap.
	The bathroom's shuttered windows weie unglazed, strung
with a fine green mesh of plastic. He peered out between
hardwood slats, wincing at the hot clean sun, and saw a dry
fountain of flower-painted tiles and the rusted carcass of a
VW Rabbit
	Allison. That was her name.

	She wore frayed khaki shorts and one of his white T-shirts.
Her legs were very brown. The clockwork Rolex, with its
dull stainless case, went around her left wrist on its pigskin
strap. They went walking, down the curve of beach, toward
Barre de Navidad. They kept to the narrow strip of firm wet
sand above the line of surf.
	Already they had a history together; he remembered her at
a stall that morning in the little town's iron-roofed mercado,
how she'd held the huge clay mug of boiled coffee in both
hands. Mopping eggs and salsa from the cracked white plate
with a tortilla, he'd watched flies circling fingers of sunlight
that found their way through a patchwork of palm frond and
corrugated siding. Some talk about her job with some legal
firm in L.A., how she lived alone in one of the ramshackle
pontoon towns tethered off Redondo. He'd told her he was in
personnel. Or had been, anyway. "Maybe I'm looking for a
new line of work
	But talk seemed secondary to what there was between
them, and now a frigate bird hung overhead, tacking against
the breeze, slid sideways, wheeled, and was gone. They both
shivered with the freedom of it, the mindless glide of the
thing. She squeezed his hand.
	A blue figure came marching up the beach toward them, a
military policeman headed for town, spitshined black boots
unreal against the soft bright beach. As the man passed,
his face dark and immobile beneath mirrored glasses, Turner
noted the carbine-format Steiner-Optic laser with Fabrique
Nationale sights. The blue fatigues were spotless, creased like
knives.
	Turner had been a soldier in his own nght for most of his
adult life, although he'd never worn a uniform. A mercenary,
his employers vast corporations warring covertly for the con-
trol of entire economies. He was a specialist in the extraction
of top executives and research people. The multinationals he
worked for would never admit that men like Turner existed.
	You worked your way through most of a bottle of Her-
radura last night," she said.
	He nodded. Her hand, in his, was warm and dry. He was
watching the spread of her toes with each step, the nails
painted with chipped pink gloss.
	The breakers rolled in, their edges transparent as green
glass.
	The spray beaded on her tan.

	After their first day together, life fell into a simple pattern
They had breakfast in the mercado. at a stall with a concrete
counter worn smooth as polished marble. They spent the
morning swimming, until the sun drove them back into the
shuttered coolness of the hotel, where they made love under
the slow wooden blades of the ceiling fan, then slept. In the
afternoons they explored the maze of narrow streets behind
the Avenida, or went hiking in the hills. They dined in
beachfront restaurants and drank on the patios of the white
hotels. Moonlight curled in the edge of the surf
	And gradually, without words, she taught him a new style
of passion. He was accustomed to being served, serviced
anonymously by skilled professionals. Now, in the white
cave, he knelt on tile. He lowered his head, licking her, salt
Pacific mixed with her own wet, her inner thighs cool against
his cheeks. Palms cradling her hips, he held her, raised her
like a chalice, lips pressing tight, while his tongue sought the
locus, the point, the frequency that would bring her home
Then, grinning, he'd mount, enter, and find his own way
there.
	Sometimes, then, he'd talk, long spirals of unfocused nar-
rative that spun out to join the sound of the sea. She said very
little, but he'd learned to value what little she did say, and,
always, she held him. And listened.

	A week passed, then another. He woke to their final day
together in that same cool room, finding her beside him. Over
breakfast he imagined he felt a change in her, a tension.
	They sunbathed, swam, and in the familiar bed he forgot
the faint edge of anxiety.
	In the afternoon, she suggested they walk down the beach,
toward Barre, the way they'd gone that first morning.
	Turner extracted the dustplug from the socket behind his
ear and inserted a sliver of microsoft The structure of Span-
ish settled through him like a tower of glass, invisible gates
hinged on present and future, conditional, preterite perfect.
Leaving her in the room, he crossed the Avenida and entered
the market. He bought a straw basket, cans of cold beer,
sandwiches, and fruit. On his way back, he bought a new pair
of sunglasses from the vendor in the Avenida.
	His tan was dark and even The angular patchwork left by
the Dutchman's grafts was gone, and she had taught him the
unity of his body Mornings, when he met the green eyes in
the bathroom mirror, they were his own, and the Dutchman
no longer troubled his dreams with bad jokes and a dry
cough. Sometimes, still, he dreamed fragments of India, a
country he barely knew, bright splinters, Chandni Chauk, the
smell of dust and fried breads

	The walls of the ruined hotel stood a quarter of the way
down the bay's arc. The surf here was stronger, each wave a
detonation.
	Now she tugged him toward it, something new at the
corners of her eyes, a tightness. Gulls scattered as they came
hand in hand up the beach to gaze into shadow beyond empty
doorways. The sand had subsided, allowing the structure's
fa~ade to cave in, walls gone, leaving the floors of the three
levels hung like huge shingles from bent, rusted tendons of
finger-thick steel, each one faced with a different color and
pattern of tile
	HOTEL PLAYA DEL M was worked in childlike seashell capi-
tals above one concrete arch. "Mar," he said, completing it,
though he'd removed the microsoft.
	"It's over," she said, stepping beneath the arch, into
shadow.
	"What's over?" He followed, the straw basket rubbing
against his hip. The sand here was cold, dry, loose between
his toes.
	"Over. Done with. This place. No time here, no future."
He stared at her, glanced past her to where rusted bed-
springs were tangled at the junction of two crumbling walls.
"It smells like piss," he said. ``Let's swim.

	The sea took the chill away, but a distance hung between
them now. They sat on a blanket from Turner's room and ate,
silently. The shadow of the ruin lengthened. The wind moved
her sun-streaked hair.
	"You make me think about horses," he said finally
	"Well," she said, as though she spoke from the depths of
exhaustion, "they've only been extinct for thirty years."
	"No," he said, "their hair. The hair on their necks, when
they ran."
	"Manes," she said, and there were tears in her eyes.
"Fuck it." Her shoulders began to heave. She took a deep
breath She tossed her empty Carta Blanca can down the
beach. "It, me, what's it matter?" Her arms around him
again. "Oh, come on, Turner Come on"
	And as she lay back, pulling him with her, he noticed
something, a boat, reduced by distance to a white hyphen,
where the water met the sky.

	When he sat up, pulling on his cut-off jeans, he saw the
yacht It was much closer now, a graceful sweep of white
riding low in the water. Deep water. The beach must fall
away almost vertically, here, judging by the strength of the
surf. That would be why the line of hotels ended where it did,
back a long the beach, and why the ruin hadn't survived. The
waves had licked away its foundation.
	"Give me the basket
	She was buttoning her blouse. He'd bought it for her in one
of the tired little shops along the Avenida Electric blue
Mexican cotton, badly made. The clothing they bought in the
shops seldom lasted more than a day or two. "I said give me
the basket."
	She did. He dug through the remains of their afternoon,
finding his binoculars beneath a plastic bag of pineapple
slices drenched in lime and dusted with cayenne. He pulled
them out, a compact pair of 6 X 30 combat glasses. He
snapped the integral covers from the objectives and the pad-
ded eyepieces, and studied the streamlined ideograms of the
Hosaka logo. A yellow inflatable rounded the stern and swung
toward the beach.
	``Turner, I''

	"Get up." Bundling the blanket and her towel into the
basket. He took a last warm can of Carta Blanca from the
basket and put it beside the binoculars. He stood, pulling her
quickly to her feet, and forced the basket into her hands.
"Maybe I'm wrong," he said. "If I am, get out of here. Cut
for that second stand of palms." He pointed. "Don't go back
to the hotel. Get on a bus, Manzanillo or Vallarta. Go home~~
He could hear the purr of the outboard now
	He saw the tears start, but she made no sound at all as she
turned and ran, up past the ruin, clutching the basket, stum-
bling in a drift of sand. She didn't look back.
	He turned, then, and looked toward the yacht. The inflat-
able was bouncing through the surf. The yacht was named
Tsushima, and he'd last seen her in Hiroshima Bay. He'd
seen the red Shinto gate at ltsukushima from her deck.
	He didn't need the glasses to know that the inflatable's
passenger would be Conroy, the pilot one of Hosaka's ninjas.
He sat down cross-legged in the cooling sand and opened his
last can of Mexican beer.

	He looked back at the line of white hotels, his hands inert
on one of Tsushima's teak railings Behind the hotels, the
little town's three holograms glowed: Banamex, Aeronaves,
and the cathedral's six-meter Virgin.
	Conroy stood beside him. "Crash job," Conroy said. "You
know how it is." Conroy's voice was flat and uninflected, as
though he'd modeled it after a cheap voice chip. His face was
broad and white, dead white. His eyes were dark-ringed and
hooded, beneath a peroxide thatch combed back from a wide
forehead. He wore a black polo shirt and black slacks. "In-
side," he said, turning. Turner followed, ducking to enter the
cabin door. White screens, pale flawless pineTokyo's aus-
tere corporate chic.
	Conroy settled himself on a low, rectangular cushion of
slate-gray ultrasuede. Turner stood, his hands slack at his
sides. Conroy took a knurled silver inhaler from the low
enamel table between them. "Choline enhancer?"
	"No."
	Conroy jammed the inhaler into one nostril and snorted.
"You want some sushi?" He put the inhaler back on the
table. "We caught a couple of red snapper about an hour
ago"
	Turner stood where he was, staring at Conroy.
	"Christopher Mitchell," Conroy said. "Maas Biolabs. Their
head hybridoma man. He's coming over to Hosaka."
	"Never heard of him."
	"Bullshit. How about a drink?"

	Turner shook his head.
	Silicon's on the way out, Turner. Mitchell's the man who
made biochips work, and Maas is sitting on the major patents.
You know that. He's the man for monoclonals. He wants out
YOU
and me, Turner, we're going to shift him."
	"I think I'm retired, Conroy. I was having a good time,
back there."
	"That's what the psych team in Tokyo say. I mean, it's not
exactly your first time out of the box, is it? She's a field
psychologist, on retainer to Hosaka."
	A muscle in Turner's thigh began to jump.
	"They say you're ready, Turner. They were a little wor-
ried, after New Delhi. so they wanted to check it out. Little
therapy on the side. Never hurts, does it?"
<|endoftext|>
2
MARY



SHE'D WORN HER BEST for the interview, but it was raining in
Brussels and she had no money for a cab. She walked from
the Eurotrans station.
	Her hand, in the pocket of her good jacketa Sally Stanley
but almost a year oldwas a white knot around the crumpled
telefax. She no longer needed it, having memorized the ad-
dress, but it seemed she could no more release it than break
the trance that held her here now, staring into the window of
an expensive shop that sold menswear, her focus phasing
between sedate flannel dress shirts and the reflection of her
own dark eyes.
	Surely the eyes alone would be enough to cost her the job.
No need for the wet hair she now wished she'd let Andrea
cut. The eyes displayed a pain and an inertia that anyone
could read, and most certainly these things would soon
be revealed to Herr Josef Virek, least likely of potential
employers.
	When the telefax had been delivered, she'd insisted on
regarding it as some cruel prank, another nuisance call. She'd
had enough of those, thanks to the media, so many that
Andrea had ordered a special program for the apartment's
phone, one that filtered out incoming calls from any number
that wasn't listed in her permanent directory. But that, An-
drea had insisted, must have been the reason for the telefax.
How else could anyone reach her?
	But Marly had shaken her head and huddled deeper into
Andrea's old terry robe. Why would Virek, enormously weal-
thy, collector and patron, wish to hire the disgraced former
operator of a tiny Paris gallery?
	Then it had been Andrea's time for head-shaking, in her
impatience with the new, the disgraced Marly Krushkhova,
who spent entire days in the apartment now, who sometimes
didn't bother to dress. The attempted sale, in Paris, of a
single forgery, was hardly the novelty Marly imagined it to
have been, she said. If the press hadn't been quite so anxious
to show up the disgusting Gnass for the fool he most as-
suredly was, she continued, the business would hardly have
been news. Gnass was wealthy enough, gross enough, to
make for a weekend's scandal. Andrea smiled. "If you had
been less attractive, you would have gotten far less attention."
	Marly shook her head.
	"And the forgery was Alain's. You were innocent. Have
you forgotten that?"
	Marly went into the bathroom, still huddled in the thread-
bare robe, without answering.
	Beneath her friend's wish to comfort, to help, Marly could
already sense the impatience of someone forced to share a
very small space with an unhappy, nonpaying guest.
	And Andrea had had to loan her the fare for the Eurotrans.
	With a conscious, painful effort of will, she broke from the
circle of her thoughts and merged with the dense but sedate
flow of serious Belgian shoppers.
	A girl in bright tights and a boyfriend's oversized loden
jacket brushed past, scrubbed and smiling. At the next inter-
section, Marly noticed an outlet for a fashion line she'd
favored in her own student days. The clothes looked impossi-
bly young.
	In her white and secret fist, the telefax.
	Galerie Duperey, 14 Rue au Beurre, Bruxelles
Josef Virek.

	The receptionist in the cool gray anteroom of the Galerie
Duperey might well have grown there, a lovely and likely
poisonous plant, rooted behind a slab of polished marble
inlaid with an enameled keyboard. She raised lustrous eyes as
Marly approached. Marly imagined the click and whirr of
shutters, her bedraggled image whisked away to some far
corner of Josef Virek's empire.
	`Marly Krushkhova," she said, fighting the urge to pro-
duce the compacted wad of telefax, smooth it pathetically on
the cool and flawless marble. "For Herr Virek."
	"Fraulein Krushkhova," the receptionist said, "Herr Virek
is unable to be in Brussels today."
	Marly stared at the perfect lips, simultaneously aware of
the pain the words caused her and the sharp pleasure she was
learning to take in disappointment. "I see."
	"However, he has chosen to conduct the interview via a
sensory link. If you will please enter the third door on your
left .

	The room was bare and white. On two walls hung un-
framed sheets of what looked like rain-stained cardboard,
stabbed through repeatedly with a variety of instruments.
Katatonenkunst. Conservative. The sort of work one sold to
committees sent round by the boards of Dutch commercial
banks.
	She sat down on a low bench covered in leather and finally
allowed herself to release the telefax. She was alone, but
assumed that she was being observed somehow.
	"Fraulein Krushkhova." A young man in a technician's
dark green smock stood in the doorway opposite the one
through which she'd entered. "In a moment, please, you will
cross the room and step through this door. Please grasp the
knob slowly, firmly, and in a manner that affords maximum
contact with the flesh of your palm. Step through carefully.
There should be a minimum of spatial disorientation."
	She blinked at him "I beg"
	"The sensory link," he said, and withdrew, the door clos-
ing behind him.
	She rose, tried to tug some shape into the damp lapels of
her jacket, touched her hair, thought better of it, took a deep
breath, and crossed to the door. The receptionist's phrase had
prepared her for the only kind of link she knew, a simstim
signal routed via Bell Europa. She'd assumed she'd wear a
helmet studded with dermatrodes, that Virek would use a
passive viewer as a human camera.
	But Virek's wealth was on another scale of magnitude
entirely.
	As her fingers closed around the cool brass knob, it seemed
to squirm, sliding along a touch spectrum of texture and
temperature in the first second of contact.
	Then it became metal again, green-painted iron, sweeping
out and down, along a line of perspective, an old railing she
grasped now in wonder.
	A few drops of rain blew into her face.
	Smell of rain and wet earth.
	A confusion of small details, her own memory of a drunken
art school picnic warring with the perfection of Virek's 
illusion.
	Below her lay the unmistakable panorama of Barcelona,
smoke hazing the strange spires of the Church of the Sagrada
Familia. She caught the railing with her other hand as well,
fighting vertigo. She knew this place She was in the Guell
Park, Antonio Gaudi's tatty fairyland, on its barren rise be-
hind the center of the city. To her left, a giant lizard of
crazy-quilt ceramic was frozen in midslide down a ramp of
rough stone. Its fountain-grin watered a bed of tired flowers.
	"You are disoriented. Please forgive me."
	Josef Virek was perched below her on one of the park's
serpentine benches, his wide shoulders hunched in a soft
topeoat. His features had been vaguely familiar to her all her
	she remembered, for some reason, a photograph of
life. Now
Virek and the king of England. He smiled at her. His head
was large and beautifully shaped beneath a brush of stiff dark
gray hair. His nostrils were permanently flared, as though he
sniffed invisible winds of art and commerce. His eyes, very
large behind the round, rimless glasses that were a trademark,
were pale blue and strangely soft.
	"Please." He patted the bench's random mosaic of shat-
ftered pottery with a narrow hand. "You must forgive my
reliance on technology. I have been confined for over a
decade to a vat. In some hideous industrial suburb of Stock-
holm. Or perhaps of hell. I am not a well man, Marly. Sit
beside me."
	Taking a deep breath, she descended the stone steps and
crossed the cobbles "Herr Virek," she said, "I saw you
lecture in Munich, two years ago. A critique of Faessler and
his autisuches Theater. You seemed well then
	"Faessler?" Virek's tanned forehead wrinkled. "You saw
a double. A hologram perhaps. Many things, Marly, are
perpetrated in my name. Aspects of my wealth have become
autonomous, by degrees; at times they even war with one
I	another. Rebellion in the fiscal extremities. However, for
reasons so complex as to be entirely occult, the fact of my
illness has never been made public."
She took her place beside him and peered down at the dirty
pavement between the scuffed toes of her black Paris boots.
She saw a chip of pale gravel, a rusted paper clip, the small
dusty corpse of a bee or hornet. "It's amazingly detailed.
	"Yes," he said, "the new Maas biochips. You should
know," he continued, "that what I know of your private life
is very nearly as detailed. More than you yourself do, in sox~~e
instances."
	"You do?" It was easiest, she found, to focus on the city,
picking out landmarks remembered from a half-dozen student
holidays. There, just there, would be the Ramblas, parrots
and flowers, the taverns serving dark beer and squid.
	"Yes I know that it was your lover who convinced you
that you had found a lost Cornell original .
	Many shut her eyes.
	"He commissioned the forgery, hiring two talented student-
artisans and an established historian who found himself in
certain personal difficulties . . . He paid them with money
he'd already extracted from your gallery, as you have no
doubt guessed. You are crying .
	Marly nodded. A cool forefinger tapped her wrist.
	"I bought Gnass. I bought the police off the case. The
press weren't worth buying; they rarely are And now, per-
haps, your slight notoriety may work to your advantage."
	"Herr Virek, I"
"A moment, please. Paco! Come here, child."
	Marly opened her eyes and saw a child of perhaps six
years, tightly gotten up in dark suit coat and knickers, pale
stockings, high-buttoned black patent boots. Brown hair fell
across his forehead in a smooth wing. He held something in
his hands, a box of some kind.
	"Gaudi began the park in 1900," Virek said "Paco wears
the period costume. Come here, child. Show us your marvel."
	"Sefior," Paco lisped, bowing, and stepped forward to
exhibit the thing he held.
	Marly stared. Box of plain wood, glass-fronted. Objects.
	"Cornell," she said, her tears forgotten. "Cornell?" She
turned to Virek.
	"Of course not. The object set into that length of bone is a
Braun biomonitor. This is the work of a living artist."
	"There are more? More boxes?"
	"I have found seven. Over a period of three years. The
Virek Collection, you see, is a sort of black hole. The unnatu-
ral density of my wealth drags irresistibly at the rarest works
of the human spirit. An autonomous process, and one I
ordinarily take little interest in     
	But Marly was lost in the box, in its evocation of impossi-
ble distances, of loss and yearning. It was somber, gentle,
and somehow childlike. It contained seven objects.
	The slender fluted bone, surely formed for flight, surely
from the wing of some large bird. Three archaic circuit
boards, faced with mazes of gold A smooth white sphere of
baked clay. An age-blackened fragment of lace. A finger-
length segment of what she assumed was bone from a human
wrist, grayish white, inset smoothly with the silicon shaft of a
small instrument that must once have ridden flush with the
surface of the skinbut the thing's face was seared and
blackened.
	The box was a universe, a poem, frozen on the boundaries
of human experience.
	"Gracias, Paco."
Box and boy were gone.
She gaped.
	"Ah. Forgive me, I have forgotten that these transitions are
too abrupt for you. Now, however, we must discuss your
	assignment .
 "Herr Virek," she said, "what is `Paco'?"
	"A subprogram."
	``I see.''
"I have hired you to find the maker of the box
"But, Herr Virek, with your resources"
	"Of which you are now one, child. Do you not wish to be
employed? When the business of Gnass having been stung
with a forged Cornell came to my attention, I saw that you
might be of use in this matter." He shrugged. "Credit me
with a certain talent for obtaining desired results."
	"Certainly, Herr Virek! And, yes, I do wish to work!"
	"Very well You will be paid a salary. You will be given
access to certain lines of credit, although, should you need to
purchase, let us say. substantial amounts of real estate"
	"Real estate?"
	"Or a corporation, or spacecraft. In that event, you will
require my indirect authorization. Which you will almost
certainly be given Otherwise, you will have a free hand I
suggest, however, that you work on a scale with which you
yourself are comfortable. Otherwise, you run the risk of
losing touch with your intuition, and intuition, in a case such
as this, is of crucial importance." The famous smile glittered
for her once more.
	She took a deep breath. "Herr Virek, what if I fail? How
long do I have to locate this artist?"
	"The rest of your life," he said.
	Forgive me," she found herself saying, to her horror,
"but I understood you to say that you live in aa vat?"
	"Yes, Marly. And from that rather terminal perspective, I
should advise you to strive to live hourly in your own flesh.
Not in the past, if you understand me. I speak as one who can
no longer tolerate that simple state, the cells of my body
having opted for the quixotic pursuit of individual careers. I
imagine that a more fortunate man, or a poorer one, would
have been allowed to die at last, or be coded at the core of
some bit of hardware. But I seem constrained, by a byzantine
net of circumstance that requires, I understand, something
like a tenth of my annual income. Making me, I suppose, the
world's most expensive invalid. I was touched, Marly, at
your affairs of the heart. I envy you the ordered flesh from
which they unfold."
	And, for an instant, she stared directly into those soft blue
eyes and knew, with an instinctive mammalian certainty, that
the exceedingly rich were no longer even remotely human.
	A wing of night swept Barcelona's sky. like the twitch of a
vast slow shutter, and Virek and Gdell were gone, and she
found herself seated again on the low leather bench, staring at
torn sheets of stained cardboard.
<|endoftext|>
3


IT WAS sUCH an easy thing, death. He saw that now: It just
happened. You screwed up by a fraction and there it was, some-
thing chill and odorless, ballooning out from the four stupid
corners of the room, your mother's Barrytown living room.
	Shit, he thought, Two-a-Day'll laugh his ass off, first time
out and I pull a wilson.
	The only sound in the room was the faint steady burr of his
teeth vibrating, supersonic palsy as the feedback ate into his
nervous system. He watched his frozen hand as it trembled
delicately, centimeters from the red plastic stud that could
break the connection that was killing him
	Shit.
	He'd come home and gotten right down to it, slotted the
icebreaker he'd rented from Two-a-Day and jacked in. punch-
ing for the base he'd chosen as his first live target. Figured
that was the way to do it; you wanna do it. then do it. He'd
only had the little Ono-Sendai deck for a month, but he
already knew he wanted to be more than just some Barrytown
hotdogger. Bobby Newmark, aka Count Zero, but it was
already over. Shows never ended this way, not right at the
beginning. In a show, the cowboy hero's girl or maybe his
partner would run in, slap the trodes off, hit that little red 
ore
stud. So you'd make it, make it through.
	But Bobby was alone now, his autonomic nervous system
overridden by the defenses of a database three thousand kilo-
meters from Barrytown, and he knew it. There was some
magic chemistry in that impending darkness, something that

let him glimpse the infinite desirability of that room, with its
carpet-colored carpet and curtain-colored curtains, its dingy
foam sofa-suite, the angular chrome frame supporting the
components of a six-year-old Hitachi entertainment module.
	He'd carefully closed those curtains in preparation for his
run, but now, somehow, he seemed to see out anyway, where
the condos of Barrytown crested back in their concrete wave
to break against the darker towers of the Projects. That condo
wave bristled with a fine insect fur of antennas and chicken-
wired dishes, strung with lines of drying clothes. His mother
liked to bitch about that; she had a dryer. He remembered her
knuckles white on the imitation bronze of the balcony railing,
dry wrinkles where her wrist was bent. He remembered a
dead boy carried out of Big Playground on an alloy stretcher,
bundled in plastic the same color as a cop car. Fell and hit his
head. Fell. Head. Wilson.
	His heart stopped. It seemed to him that it fell sideways,
kicked like an animal in a cartoon.
	Sixteenth second of Bobby Newmark's death. His hotdog-
ger's death.
	And something leaned in, vastness unutterable, from beyond
the most distant edge of anything he'd ever known or imag-
ined, and touched him.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING~ WHY ARE THEY DOING THAT TO YOU'
Girlvoice, brownhair, darkeyes
KILLING ME KiLLING ME GET if OFF GET if OFF
Darkeyes, desertstar, tanshirt, girlhair
BUT IT'S A TRICK, SEE? YOU ONLY THINK
IT'S GOT YOU. LOOK. NOW I FIT HERE AND
YOU AREN'T CARRYING THE LOOP.

	And his heart rolled right over, on its back, and kicked his
	lunch up with its red cartoon legs, galvanic frog-leg spasm
hurling him from the chair and tearing the trodes from his
forehead. His bladder let go when his head clipped the corner
of the Hitachi, and someone was saying fuck fuck fuck into
the dust smell of carpet. Girlvoice gone, no desertstar, flash
impression of cool wind and waterworn stone
	Then his head exploded. He saw it very clearly, from
somewhere far away. Like a phosphorus grenade.
White.
Light.
<|endoftext|>
4




Thn BLACK HONDA hovered twenty meters above the octagonal
deck of the derelict oil rig. It was nearing dawn, and Turner
could make out the faded outline of a biohazard trefoil mark-
ing the helicopter pad.
	"You got a biohazard down there, Conroy?"
	"None you aren't used to," Conroy said.
	A figure in a red jumpsuit made brisk arm signals to the
Honda's pilot. Propwash flung scraps of packing waste into
the sea as they landed. Conroy slapped the release plate on
his harness and leaned across Turner to unseal the hatch The
roar of the engines battered them as the hatch slid open.
Conroy was jabbing him in the shoulder, making urgent
lifting motions with an upturned palm. He pointed to the
pilot.
	Turner scrambled out and dropped, the prop a blur of
thunder, then Conroy was crouching beside him. They cleared
the faded trefoil with the bent-legged crab scuttle common to
helicopter pads. the Honda's wind snapping their pants legs
around their ankles. Turner camed a plain gray suitcase
molded from ballistic ABS, his only piece of luggage; some-
one had packed it for him, at the hotel, and it had been
waiting on Tsushima. A sudden change in pitch told him the
Honda was rising. It went whining away toward the coast,
showing no lights. As the sound faded, Turner heard the cries
of gulls and the slap and slide of the Pacific.
	"Someone tried to set up a data haven here once," Conroy
said. "International waters. Back then nobody lived in orbit,
so it made sense for a few years. . ." He started for a rusted
forest of beams supporting the rig's superstructure. "One
scenario Hosaka showed me, we'd get Mitchell out here,
clean him up, stick him on Tsushima, and full steam for old
Japan. I told `em, forget that shit. Mans gets on to it and they
can come down on this thing with anything they want. I told
`em, that compound they got down in the D.F, that's the
ticket, right? Plenty of shit Mans wouldn't pull there, not in
the fucking middle of Mexico City . .
	A figure stepped from the shadows, head distorted by the
bulbous goggles of an image-amplification rig. It waved them
on with the blunt, clustered muzzles of a Lansing fldchette
gun. "Biohazard," Conroy said as they edged past. "Duck
your head here. And watch it, the stairs get slippery

	The rig smelled of rust and disuse and brine. There were no
windows. The discolored cream walls were blotched with
spreading scabs of rust. Battery-powered fluorescent lanterns
were slung, every few meters, from beams overhead, casting
a hideous green-tinged light, at once intense and naggingly
uneven. At least a dozen figures were at work, in this central
room; they moved with the relaxed precision of good techni-
cians. Professionals, Turner thought; their eyes seldom met
and there was little talking. It was cold, very cold, and Conroy
had given him a huge parka covered with tabs and zippers.
	A bearded man in a sheepskin bomber jacket was securing
bundled lengths of fiber-optic line to a dented bulkhead with
silver tape. Conroy was locked in a whispered argument with
a black woman who wore a parka like Turner's. The bearded
tech looked up from his work and saw Turner. "Shee-it," he
said, still on his knees, "I figured it was a big one, but I
guess it's gonna be a rough one, too." He stood, wiping his
palms automatically on his jeans. Like the rest of the techs,
he wore micropore surgical gloves. "You're Turner." He
grinned, glanced quickly in Conroy's direction, and pulled a
black plastic flask from a jacket pocket. "Take some chill
off. You remember me. Worked on that job in Marrakech.
IBM boy went over to Mitsu-G. Wired the charges on that
bus you `n' the Frenchman drove into that hotel lobby."
	Turner took the flask, snapped its lid, and tipped it. Bour-
bon. It stung deep and sour, warmth spreading from the
region of his sternum. "Thanks." He returned the flask and
the man pocketed it.
	"Onkey," the man said. "Name's Oakey? You remember?"
	"Sure," Turner lied, "Marrakech."
	"Wild Turkey," Onkey said. "Flew in through Schipol, I
hit the duty-free. Your partner there," another glance at
Conroy, "he's none too relaxed, is he? I mean, not like
Marrakech, right?"
	Turner nodded.
	"You need anything," Oakey said, "lemme know."
	"Like what?"
	`Nother drink, or I got some Peruvian flake, the kind
that's real yellow." Oakey grinned again.
	"Thanks," Turner said, seeing Conroy turn from the black
woman. Onkey saw, too, kneeling quickly and tearing off a
fresh length of silver tape.
	"Who was that?" Conroy asked, after leading Turner through
a narrow door with decayed black gasket seals at its edges
Conroy spun the wheel that dogged the door shut, someone
had oiled it recently.
	"Name's Onkey," Turner said, taking in the new room.
Smaller. Two of the lanterns, folding tables, chairs, all new
On the tables, instrumentation of some kind, under black
plastic dustcovers.
	"Friend of yours?"
	"No," Turner said. "He worked for me once." He went
to the nearest table and flipped back a dustcover. "What's
this?" The console had the blank, half-finished look of a
factory prototype.
	"Maas-Neotek cyberspace deck
	Turner raised his eyebrows. "Yours?"
	"We got two. One's on site. From Hosaka. Fastest thing in
the matrix, evidently, and Hosaka can't even de-engineer the
chips to copy them. Whole other technology."
	"They got them from Mitchell?"
	"They aren't saying. The fact they'd let go of `em just to
give our jockeys an edge is some indication of how badly
they want the man."
	"Who's on console, Conroy?"
	"Jaylene Slide. I was talking to her just now." He jerked
his head in the direction of the door. "The site man's out of
L.A., kid called Ramirez."
	"They any good?" Turner replaced the dustcover.
"Better be, for what they'll cost. Jaylene's gotten herself a
hot rep the past two years, and Ramirez is her understudy.


Shit' `Conroy shrugged' `you know these cowboys. Fuck-
ing crazy
	`Where'd you get them? Where'd you get Gakey for that
matter?"
	Conroy smiled. "From your agent, Turner."
	Turner stared at Conroy, then nodded. Turning, he lifted
the edge of the next dustcover. Cases, plastic and styrofoam,
stacked neatly on the cold metal of the table. He touched a
blue plastic rectangle stamped with a silver monogram: S&W.
	"Your agent," Conroy said, as Turner snapped the case
open. The pistol lay there in its molded bed of pale blue
foam, a massive revolver with an ugly housing that bulged
beneath the squat barrel. "S&W Tactical. .408. with a xenon
projector," Conroy said. "What he said you'd want."
	Turner took the gun in his hand and thumbed the batterytest
stud for the projector. A red LED in the walnut grip pulsed
twice. He swung the cylinder out. "Ammunition?"
	"On the table. Hand-loads, explosive tips."
	Turner found a transparent cube of amber plastic, opened it
with his left hand, and extracted a cartridge. "Why did they
pick me for this, Conroy?" He examined the cartridge, then
inserted it carefully into one of the cylinder's six chambers.
	"I dont know," Conroy said. "Felt like they had you
slotted from go, whenever they heard from Mitchell . .
	Turner spun the cylinder rapidly and snapped it back into
the frame. "I said, `Why did they pick me for this, Conroy?'
He raised the pistol with both hands and extended his arms,
pointing it directly at Conroy's face. "Gun like this, some-
times you can see right down the bore, if the light's right, see
if there's a bullet there."
	Conroy shook his head, very slightly.
"Ormaybeyoucanseeitinoneoftheothercham~~ .
"No," Conroy said, very softly, "no way."
"Maybe the shrinks screwed up, Conroy. How about that?"
	"No," Conmy said, his face blank. "They didn't, and you
won't."
	Turner pulled the trigger. The hammer clicked on an empty
chamber. Conmy blinked once, opened his mouth, closed it,
watched as Turner lowered the Smith & Wesson. A single
bead of sweat rolled down from Conroy's hairline and lost
itself in an eyebrow.
	"Well?" Turner asked, the gun at his side.
	Conmy shrugged. "Don't do that shit," he said.
	"They want me that badT'
	Conroy nodded. "It's your show. Turner."
	"Where's Mitchell?" He opened the cylinder again and
began to load the five remaining chambers.
	"Arizona. About fifty kilos from the Sonora line, in a
mesatop research arcology. Maas Biolabs North America.
They own everything around there, right down to the border,
and the mesa's smack in the middle of the footprints of four
recon satellites. Mucho tight."
	"And how are we supposed to get in?"
	"We aren't. Mitchell's coming out, on his own. We wait
for him, pick him up, get his ass to Hosaka intact" Conroy
hooked a forefinger behind the open collar of his black shirt
and drew out a length of black nylon cord, then a small black
nylon envelope with a Velcro fastener. He opened it carefully
and extracted an object, which he offered to Turner on his
open palm "Here. This is what he `sent
	Turner put the gun down on the nearest table and took the
thing from Conroy. It was like a swollen gray microsoft. one
end routine neurojack, the other a strange, rounded formation
unlike anything he'd seen. "What is it?"
	"It's biosoft. Jaylene jacked it and said she thought it was
output from an Al. It's sort of a dossier on Mitchell, with a
message to Hosaka tacked on the end. You better jack it
yourself; you wanna get the picture fast . .
	Turner glanced up from the gray thing "How'd it grab
Jaylene?"
	"She said you better be lying down when you do it She
didn't seem to like it much."

	Machine dreams hold a special vertigo. Turner lay down on
a virgin slab of green temperfoam in the makeshift dorm and
jacked Mitchell's dossier. It came on slow; he had time to
close his eyes.
	Ten seconds later, his eyes were open. He clutched the
green foam and fought his nausea. Again, he closed his
eyes. . . . It came on, again, gradually, a flickering, nonlin-
ear flood of fact and sensory data, a kind of narrative con-
veyed in surreal jump cuts and juxtapositions. It was vaguely
like riding a roller coaster that phased in and out of existence
at random, impossibly rapid intervals, changing altitude, at-
tack, and direction with each pulse of nothingness, except
that the shifts had nothing to do with any physical orientation,
but rather with lightning alternations in paradigm and symbol
system. The data had never been intended for human input.
	Eyes open, he pulled the thing from his socket and held it,
his palm slick with sweat. It was like waking from a night-
mare. Not a screamer, where impacted fears took on simple,
terrible shapes, but the sort of dream, infinitely more disturb-
ing, where everything is perfectly and horribly normal, and
where everything is utterly wrong
The intimacy of the thing was hideous He fought down
waves of raw transference, bringing all his will to bear on
crushing a feeling that was akin to love, the obsessive tender-
ness a watcher comes to feel for the subject of prolonged
surveillance. Days or hours later, he knew, the most minute
details of Mitchell's academic record might bob to the surface
of his mind, or the name of a mistress, the scent of her heavy
red hair in the sunlight through
He sat up quickly, the plastic soles of his shoes smacking
the rusted deck. He still wore the parka, and the Smith &
Wesson, in a side pocket, swung painfully against his hip.
	It would pass. Mitchell's psychic odor would fade, as
surely as the Spanish grammar in the lexicon evaporated after
each use. What he had experienced was a Maas security
dossier compiled by a sentient computer, nothing more He
replaced the biosoft in Conroy's little black wallet, smoothed
the Velcro seal with his thumb, and put the cord around his
neck.
	He became aware of the sound of waves lapping the flanks
of the rig.
	"Hey, boss," someone said, from beyond the brown mili-
tary blanket that screened the entrance to the dorm area,
"Conroy says it's time for you to inspect the troops, then you
and him depart for other parts." Oakey's bearded face slid
from behind the blanket "Otherwise, I wouldn't wake you
up, right?"
	"I wasn't sleeping," Turner said, and stood, fingers reflex-
ively kneading the skin around the implanted socket.
	"Too bad," Oakey said. "I got derms'll put you under all
the way, one hour on the button, then kick in some kind of
righteous upper, get you up and on the case, no lie
	Turner shook his head. "Take me to Conroy"




MAIU..Y CHECKED iwro a small hotel with green plants in heavy
brass pots, the corridors tiled like worn marble chessboards.
The elevator was a scrolled gilt cage with rosewood panels
smelling of lemon oil and small cigars.
	Her room was on the fifth floor. A single tall window
overlooked the avenue, the kind of window you could actu-
ally open. When the smiling bellman had gone, she collapsed
into an armchair whose plush fabric contrasted comfortably
with the muted Belgian carpet. She undid the zips on her old
Paris boots for the last time, kicked them off, and stared at
the dozen glossy carrier bags the bellman had arranged on the
bed. Tomorrow, she thought, she'd buy luggage. And a
toothbrush.
	"I'm in shock," she said to the bags on the bed. "I must
take care. Nothing seems real now." She looked down and
saw that her hose were both out at the toe. She shook her
head. Her new purse lay on the white marble table beside the
bed; it was black, cut from cowhide tanned thick and soft as
Flemish butter. It had cost more than she would have owed
Andrea for her share of a month's rent, but that was also true
of a single night's stay in this hotel. The purse contained her
passport and the credit chip she'd been issued in the Galerie
Duperey, drawn on an account held in her name by an orbital
branch of the Nederlands Algemeen Bank.
	She went into the bathroom and worked the smooth brass
levers of the big white tub. Hot, aerated water hissed out
through a Japanese filtration device. The hotel provided pack-
ets of bath salts, tubes of creams and scented oils. She
emptied a tube of oil into the filling tub and began to remove
her clothes, feeling a pang of loss when she tossed the Sally
Stanley behind her. Until an hour before, the year-old jacket
had been her favorite garment and perhaps the single most
expensive thing she'd ever owned. Now it was something for
the cleaners to take away; perhaps it would find its way to
one of the city's flea markets, the sort of place where she'd
hunted bargains as an art-school girl.
	The mirrors misted and ran, as the room filled with scented
steam, blurring the reflection of her nakedness. Was it really
this easy? Had Virek's slim gold credit chip checked her out
of her misery and into this hotel, where the towels were white
and thick and scratchy? She was aware of a certain spiritual
vertigo, as though she trembled at the edge of some precipice.
She wondered how powerful money could actually be, if one
had enough of it, really enough. She supposed that only the
Vireks of the world could really know, and very likely they
were functionally incapable of knowing; asking Virek would
be like interrogating a fish in order to learn more about water.
Yes, my dear, it's wet; yes, my child, it's certainly warm,
scented, scratchy-toweled. She stepped into the tub and lay
down.
	Tomorrow she would have her hair cut. In Paris.

	Andrea's phone rang sixteen times before Marly remem-
bered the special program. It would still be in place, and this
expensive little Brussels hotel would not be listed. She leaned
out to replace the handset on the marble-topped table and it
chimed once, softly.
	"A courier has delivered a parcel, from the Galerie
Duperey."
	When the bellmana younger man this time, dark and
possibly Spanishhad gone, she took the package to the
window and turned it over in her hands It was wrapped in a
single sheet of handmade paper, dark gray, folded and tucked
in that mysterious Japanese way that required neither glue nor
string, but she knew that once she'd opened it, she'd never
get it folded again. The name and address of the Galerie were
embossed in one corner, and her name and the name of her
hotel were handwritten across the center in perfect italic
script.
	She unfolded the paper and found herself holding a new
Braun holoprojector and a flat envelope of clear plastic. The
envelope contained seven numbered tabs of holofiche. Beyond
the miniature iron balcony, the sun was going down, painting
the Old Town gold. She heard car horns and the cries of
children. She closed the window and crossed to a writing
desk. The Braun was a smooth black rectangle powered by
solar cells. She checked the charge, then took the first holo-
fiche from the envelope and slotted it.
	The box she'd seen in Virek's simulation of the Guell Park
blossomed above the Braun, glowing with the crystal resolu-
tion of the finest museum-grade holograms. Bone and circuit-
gold, dead lace, and a dull white marble rolled from clay.
Marly shook her head. How could anyone have arranged
these bits, this garbage, in such a way that it caught at the
heart, snagged in the soul like a fishhook? But then she
nodded. It could be done, she knew; it had been done many
years ago by a man named Cornell, who'd also made boxes.
	Then she glanced to the left, where the elegant gray paper
lay on the desktop. She'd chosen this hotel at random, when
she'd grown tired of shopping. She'd told no one she was
here, and certainly no one from the Galerie Duperey.





HE STAYED OUT FOR something like eight hours, by the clock
on his mother's Hitachi. Came to staring at Its dusty face, some
hard thing wedged under his thigh. The Ono-Sendai. He
rolled over. Stale puke smell.
	Then he was in the shower, not sure quite how he'd gotten
there, spinning the taps with his clothes still on. He clawed
and dug and pulled at his face. It felt like a rubber mask.
	"Something happened." Something bad, big, he wasn't
sure what.
	His wet clothes gradually mounded up on the tile floor of
the shower. Finally he stepped out, went to the sink and
flicked wet hair back from his eyes, peered at the face in the
mirror. Bobby Newmark, no problem.
	"No, Bobby, problem. Gotta problem .
	Towel around his shoulders, dripping water, he followed
the narrow hallway to his bedroom, a tiny, wedge-shaped
space at the very back of the condo. His holoporn unit lit as
he stepped in, half a dozen girls grinning, eyeing him with
evident delight. They seemed to be standing beyond the walls
of the room, in hazy vistas of powder-blue space, their white
smiles and taut young bodies bright as neon. Two of them
edged forward and began to touch themselves.
	"Stop it," he said.
	The projection unit shut itself down at his command; the
dreamgirls vanished. The thing had originally belonged to
Ling Warren's older brother; the girls' hair and clothes were
dated and vaguely ridiculous. You could talk with them and
get them to do things with themselves and each other. Bobby
remembered being thirteen and in love with Brandi, the one
with the blue rubber pants. Now he valued the projections
mainly for the illusion of space they could provide in the
makeshift bedroom.
	"Something fucking happened," he said, pulling on black
jeans and an almost-clean shirt. He shook his head. "What?
Fucking what?" Some kind of power surge on the line? Some
flukey action down at the Fission Authority? Maybe the base
he'd tried to invade had suffered some strange breakdown, or
been attacked from another qu~er... But he was left with
the sense of having met someone, someone who . . . He'd
unconsciously extended his right hand, fingers spread, be-
seechingly. "Fuck," he said. The fingers balled into a fist.
Then it came back: first, the sense of the big thing, the really
big thing, reaching for him across cyberspace, and then the
girl-impression. Someone brown, slender, crouching some-
where in a strange bright dark full of stars and wind. But it
slid away as his mind went for it.
	Hungry, he got into sandals and headed back toward the
kitchen, rubbing at his hair with a damp towel. On his way
through the living room, he noticed the ON telltale of the
Ono-Sendai glaring at him from the carpet. "0 shit." He
stood there and sucked at his teeth. It was still jacked in. Was
it possible that it was still linked with the base he'd tried to
run? Could they tell he wasn't dead? He had no idea. One
thing he did know, though, was that they'd have his number
and good. He hadn't bothered with the cutouts and frills that
would've kept them from running a backtrack.
	They had his address.
	Hunger forgotten, he spun into the bathroom and rooted
through the soggy clothing until he found his credit chip.

	He had two hundred and ten New Yen stashed in the
hollow plastic handle of a multibit screwdriver. Screwdriver
and credit chip secure in his jeans, he pulled on his oldest,
heaviest pair of boots, then clawed unwashed clothing from
beneath the bed. He came up with a black canvas jacket with
at least a dozen pockets, one of them a single huge pouch
across the small of the back, a kind of integral rucksack.
There was a Japanese gravity knife with orange handles be-
neath his pillow; that went into a narrow pocket on the
jacket's left sleeve, near the cuff.
	The dreamgirls clicked in as he was leaving: "Bobby,
Bobb-y, come back and play. .
	In his living room, he yanked the Ono-Sendai's jack from
the face of the Hitachi, coiling the fiber-optic lead and tuck-
ing it into a pocket. He did the same with the trode set, then
slid the Ono-Sendai into the jacket's pack-pocket.
	The curtains were still drawn. He felt a surge of some new
exhilaration. He was leaving. He had to leave. Already he'd
forgotten the pathetic fondness that his brush with death had
generated. He parted the curtains carefully, a thumb-wide
gap, and peered out.
	It was late afternoon. In a few hours, the first lights would
start blinking on in the dark bulks of the Projects. Big Play-
ground swept away like a concrete sea; the Projects rose
beyond the opposite shore, vast rectilinear structures softened
by a random overlay of retrofitted greenhouse balconies,
catfish tanks, solar heating systems, and the ubiquitous 
chicken-
wire dishes.
	Two-a-Day would be up there now, sleeping, in a world
Bobby had never seen, the world of a mincome aicology.
Two-a-Day caine down to do business, mostly with the hot-
doggers in Barrytown, and then he climbed back up. It had
always looked good to Bobby, up there, so much happening
on the balconies at night, amid red smudges of charcoal, little
kids in their underwear swarming like monkeys, so small you
could barely see them. Sometimes the wind would shift, and
the smell of cooking would settle over Big Playground, and
sometimes you'd see an ultralight glide out from some secret
country of rooftop so high up there. And always the mingled
beat from a million speakers, waves of music that pulsed and
faded in and out of the wind.
	Two-a-Day never talked about his life, where he lived.
Two-a-Day talked biz, or, to be more social, women. What
Two-a-Day said about women made Bobby want to get out of
Barrytown worse than ever, and Bobby knew that biz would
be his only ticket out. But now he needed the dealer in a
different way, because now he was entirely out of his depth.
	Maybe Two-a-Day could tell him what was happening.
There wasn't supposed to be any lethal stuff around that base
Two-a-Day had picked it out for him, then rented him the
software he'd need to get in. And Two-a-Day was ready to
fence anything he could've gotten out with. So Two-a-Day
had to know. Know something, anyway.
	"I don't even have your number, man," he said to the
Projects, letting the curtains fall shut. Should he leave some-
thing for his mother? A note? "My ass," he said to the room
behind him, "out of here," and then he was out the door and
down the hall, headed for the stairs. "Forever," he added,
kicking open an exit door.
	Big Playground looked safe enough, except for a lone
shirtless duster deep in some furious conversation with God.
Bobby cut the duster a wide circle; he was shouting and
jumping and karate-chopping the air. The duster had dried
blood on his bare feet and the remnants of what had probably
been a Lobe haircut.
	Big Playground was neutral temtory, at least in theory, and
the Lobes were loosely confederated with the Gothicks; Bobby
had fairly solid affiliations with the Gothicks, but retained 
his
indie status. Barrytown was a dicey place to be an indie. At
least, he thought, as the duster's angry gibberish faded behind
him, the gangs gave you some structure. If you were Gothick
and the Kasuals chopped you out, it made sense. Maybe the
ultimate reasons behind it were crazy, but there were rules
But indies got chopped out by dusters running on brainstem,
by roaming predatory loonies from as far away as New
Yorklike that Penis Collector character last summer, kept
the goods in his pocket in a plastic bag .
	Bobby had been trying to chart a way out of this landscape
since the day he was born, or anyway it felt that way. Now,
as he walked, the cyberspace deck in the pack-pocket banged
against his spine. Like it. too, was urging him to get out.
"Come on, Two-a-Day," he said to the looming Projects,
"get your ass down outa there and be in Leon's when I get
there, okay?"

	Two-a-Day wasn't in Leon's.
	Nobody was, unless you wanted to count Leon, who was
probing the inner mysteries of a wall-screen converter with a
bent paper clip.
	"Why don't you just get a hammer and pound the fucker
till it works?" Bobby asked. "Do you about as much good."
	Leon looked up from the converter. He was probably in his
forties, but it was hard to say. He seemed to be of no
particular race, or, in certain lights, to belong to some race
that nobody else belonged to. Lots of hypertrophied facial
bone and a mane of curly, nonreflective black hair. His
basement pirate club had been a fixture in Bobby's life for the
past two years.
	Leon stared dully at Bobby with his unnerving eyes, pupils
of nacreous gray overlaid with a hint of translucent olive.
Leon's eyes made Bobby think of oysters and nail polish, two
things he didn't particularly like to think about in connection
with eyes. The color was like something they'd use to uphol-
ster barstools.
	"I just mean you can't fix shit like that by poking at it,"
Bobby added uncomfortably. Leon shook his head slowly and
went back to his exploration. People paid to get into the place
because Leon pirated kino and simstim off cable and ran a lot
of stuff that Barrytowners couldn't otherwise afford to access.
There was dealing in the back and you could make "dona-
tions" for drinks, mostly clean Ohio hooch cut with some
synthetic orange drink Leon scored in industrial quantities.
	"Say, uh, Leon," Bobby began again, "you seen Two-a-
Day in here lately?"
	The horrible eyes came up again and regarded Bobby for
entirely too long. "No."
	``Maybe last night?''
	``No.''
	"Night before?"
"No."
	"Oh. Okay. Thanks." There was no point in giving Leon a
hard time. Lots of reasons not to, actually. Bobby looked
around at the wide dim room, at the simstim units and the
unlit kino screens. The club was a series of nearly identical
rooms in the basement of a semi-residential rack zoned for
singles and a sprinkling of light industry. Good soundproof-
ing: You hardly ever heard the music, not from outside.
Plenty of nights he'd popped out of Leon's with a head full of
noise and pills, into what seemed a magic vacuum of silence,
his ears ringing all the way home across Big Playground.
	Now he had an hour. probably, before the first Gothicks
started to arrive. The dealers, mostly black guys from the
Projects or whites from the city or some other `burb, wouldn't
turn up until there was a patch of Gothicks for them to work
on. Nothing made a dealer look worse than just sitting there,
waiting, because that would mean you weren't getting any
action, and there was no way a genuinely hot dealer would be
hanging out in Leon's just for the pleasure of it. It was all
hotdog shit, in Leon's, weekenders with cheap decks who
watched Japanese icebreaker kinos .
	But Two-a-Day wasn't like that, he told himself, on his
way up the concrete stairs. Two-a-Day was on his way. Out
of the Projects, out of Barrytown, out of Leon's. On his way
to the City. To Paris, maybe, or Chiba The Ono-Sendai
bumped against his spine. He remembered that Two-a-Day's
icebreaker cassette was still in it. He didn't want to have to
explain that to anyone. He passed a news kiosk. A yello fax
of the New York edition of the Asahi Shimbun was reeling
past a plastic window in the mirrored siding, some govern-
ment going down in Africa, Russian stuff from Mars .
	It was that time of day when you could see things very
clear, see every little thing so far down the streets, fresh
green just starting from the black branches of the trees in 
their
holes in the concrete, and the flash of steel on a girl's boot a
block away, like looking through a special kind of water that
made seeing easier, even though it was nearly dark. He
turned and stared up at the Projects. Whole floors there were
forever unlit, either derelict or the windows blacked out.
What did they do in there? Maybe he'd ask Two-a-Day
sometime.
	He checked the time on the kiosk's Coke clock. His mother
would be back from Boston by now, had to be, or else she'd
miss one of her favorite soaps. New hole in her head. She
was crazy anyway, nothing wrong with the socket she'd had
since before he was born, but she'd been whining for years
about static and resolution and sensory bleedover, so she'd
finally swung the credit to go to Boston for some cheapass
replacement. Kind of place where you don't even get an
appointment for an operation. Walk in and they just slap it in
your head. . . . He knew her, yeah, how she'd come through
the door with a wrapped bottle under her arm, not even take
her coat off, just go straight over and jack into the Hitachi,
soap her brains out good for six solid hours. Her eyes would
unfocus, and sometimes, if it was a really good episode,
she'd drool a little. About every twenty minutes she'd man-
age to remember to take a ladylike nip out of the bottle.
	She'd always been that way, as long as he could remem-
her, gradually sliding deeper into her half-dozen synthetic
jives, sequential simstim fantasies Bobby had had to hear
about all his life. He still harbored creepy feelings that some
of the characters she talked about were relatives of his, rich
and beautiful aunts and uncles who might turn up one day if
only he weren't such a little shit. Maybe, he thought now, it
had been true, in a way; she'd jacked that shit straight through
the pregnancy, because she'd told him she had, so he, fetus
Newmark, curled up in there, had reverberated to about a
thousand hours of People of Importance and Atlanta. But he
didn't like to think about being curled up in Marsha Newmark's
belly. It made him feel sweaty and kind of sick
	Marsha-momma. Only in the past year or so had Bobby
come to understand the world well enoughas he now saw
itto wonder exactly how she still managed to make her way
in it, marginal as that way had become, with her bottle and
the socket ghosts to keep her company. Sometimes, when she
was in a certain mood and had had the right number of nips,
she still tried to tell him stories about his father. He'd known
since age four that these were bullshit, because the details
changed from time to time, but for years he'd allowed himself
a certain pleasure in them anyway.
	He found a loading bay a few blocks west of Leon's,
screened from the street by a freshly painted blue dumpster,
the new paint gleaming over pocked, dented steel. There was
a single halogen tube slung above the bay. He found a
comfortable ledge of concrete and sat down there, careful not
to jar the Ono-Sendai. Sometimes you just had to wait. That
was one of the things Two-a-Day had taught him.
	The dumpster was overflowing with a varied hash of indus-
trial scrap. Barrytown had its share of gray-legal manufac-
turers, part of the ~shadow economy" the news faces liked to
talk about, but Bobby never paid much attention to news
faces. Biz. It was all just biz.
	Moths strobed crooked orbits around the halogen tube.
Bobby watched blanidy as three kids, maybe ten at the oldest,
scaled the blue wall of the dumpster with a length of dirty
white nylon line and a makeshift grapple that might once have
been part of a coatrack. When the last one made it over the
top, into the mess of plastic scrap, the line was drawn swiftly
up. The scrap began to creak and rustle.
	Just like me, Bobby thought, I used to do that shit, fill my
room up with weird garbage I'd find. One time Ling War-
ren's sister found most of somebody's arm, all wrapped in
green plastic and done up with rubber bands.
	Marsha-momma'd get these two-hour fits of religion some-
times, come into Bobby's room and sweep all his best gar-
bage out and gum some God-awful self-adhesive hologram up
over his bed. Maybe Jesus, maybe Hubbard, maybe Virgin
Mary, it didn't much matter to her when the mood was on
her. It used to piss Bobby off real good, until one day he was
big enough to walk into the front room with a ballpeen
hammer and cock it over the Hitachi; you touch my stuff
again and I'll kill your friends, Mom, all of `em. She never
tried it again. But the stick-on holograms had actually had
some effect on Bobby, because religion was now something
he felt h&d considered and put aside. Basically, the way he
figured it, there were just some people around who needed
that shit, and he guessed there always had been, but he wasn't
one of them, so he didn't.
	Now one of the dumpster kids popped up and conducted a
slit-eyed survey of the immediate area, then ducked out of
sight again. There was a clunking,, scraping sound. Small
white hands tipped a dented alloy canister up and over the
edge, lowering it on the nylon line. Good score, Bobby
thought; you could take the thing to a metal dealer and get a
little for it. They lowered the thing to the pavement, about a
meter from the soles of Bobby's boots; as it touched down, it
happened to twist around, showing him the six horned symbol
that stood for biohazard. "Hey, fuck," he said, drawing his
feet up reflexively.
	One of them slid down the rope and steadied the canister.
The other two followed. He saw that they were younger than
he'd thought.
	"Hey," Bobby said, "you know that could be some real
bad shit? Give you cancer and stuff
	"Go lick a dog's ass till it bleeds," the first kid down the
rope advised him, as they flicked their grapple loose, coiled
their line, and dragged the canister around the corner of the
dumpster and out of sight.

	He gave it an hour and a half. Time enough Leon's was
starting to cook
	At least twenty Gothicks postured in the main room, like a
herd of baby dinosaurs, their crests of lacquered hair bobbing
and twitching. The majority approached the Gothick ideal:
tall, lean, muscular, but touched by a certain gaunt rest-
lessness, young athletes in the early stages of consumption.
The graveyard pallor was mandatory, and Gothick hair was
by definition black. Bobby knew that the few who couldn't
warp their bodies to fit the subcultural template were best
avoided; a short Gothick was trouble, a fat Gothick homicidal.
	Now he watched them flexing and glittering in Leon's like
a composite creature, slime mold with a jigsaw surface of
dark leather and stainless spikes. Most of them had nearly
identical faces, features reworked to match ancient archetypes
culled from kino banks. He chose a particularly artful Dean
whose hair swayed like the mating display of a nocturnal
lizard. "Bro," Bobby began, uncertain if he'd met this one
before.
	"My man," the Dean responded languidly, his left cheek
distended by a cud of resin. "The Count, baby"as an aside
to his girl' `Count Zero Interrupt." Long pale hand with a
fresh scab across the back grabbing ass through the girl's
leather skirt. "Count, this is my squeeze." The Gothick girl
regarded Bobby with mild interest but no flash of human
recognition whatever, as though she were seeing an ad for a
product she'd heard of but had no intention of buying.
	Bobby scanned the crowd. A few blank faces, but none he
knew. No Two-a-Day. "Say, hey," he confided, "how you
know how it is `n' all, I'm bookin' for this close personal
friend, business friend' `and at this the Gothick sagely bobbed
his crest' `goes by Two-a-Day...." He paused. The Gothick
looked blank, snapping his resin. The girl looked bored,
restless. " `Wareman," Bobby added, raising his eyebrows,
"black `wareman."
	"Two-a-Day," the Gothick said. "Sure. Two-a-Day. Right,
babe?" His girl tossed her head and looked away.
	"You know `im?"
"Sure."
"He here tonight?"
"No," the Gothick said, and smiled meaninglessly.
	Bobby opened his mouth, closed it, forced himself to nod.
"Thanks, bro."
	"Anything for my man," the Gothick said.

	Another hour, more of the same. Too much white, chalk-
pale Gothick white. Flat bright eyes of their girls, their
bootheels like ebony needles. He tried to stay out of the
simstim room, where Leon was running some kind of weird
jungle fuck tape phased you in and out of these different
kinda animals, lotta crazed arboreal action up in the trees,
which Bobby found a little disorienting. He was hungry
enough now to feel a little spaced, or maybe it was afterburn
-	from whatever it was had happened to him before, but he was
starting to have a hard time concentrating, and his thoughts
drifted in odd directions. Like who, for instance, had climbed
up into those trees full of snakes and wired a pair of those rat
things for simstim?
	The Gothicks were into it, whoever. They were thrashing
and stomping and generally into major tree-rat identification.
Leon's new hit tape, Bobby decided.
	Just to his left, but well out of range of the stim, two
Project girls stood, their baroque finery in sharp contrast with
Gothick monochrome Long black frock coats opened over
tight red vests in silk brocade, the tails of enormous white
shirts hanging well beneath their knees. Their dark features
were concealed beneath the brims of fedoras pinned and hung
with fragments of antique gold: sti.ckpins, charms, teeth,
mechanical watches Bobby watched them covertly; the clothes
said they had money, but that someone would make it worth
your ass if you tried to go for it. One time Two-a-Day had
come down from the Projects in this ice-blue shaved-velour
number with diamond buckles at the knees, like maybe he
hadn't had time to change, but Bobby had acted like the
`wareman was dressed in his usual leathers, because he fig-
ured a cosmopolitan attitude was crucial in biz
	He tried to imagine going up to them so smooth. just
putting it to them: Hey, you ladies surely must know my good
friend Mr. Two-a-Day? But they were older than he was,
taller, and moved with a dignity he found intimidating. Prob-
ably they'd just laugh, but somehow he didn't want that at
all.
	What he did want now, and very badly, was food. He
touched his credit chip through the denim of his jeans. He'd
go across the street and get a sandwich . . Then he remem-
bered why he was here, and suddenly it didn't seem very
smart to use his chip. If he'd been sussed, after his attempted
run, they'd have his chip number by now; using it would
spotlight him for anyone tracking him in cyberspace. pick
him out in the Barrytown grid like a highway flare in a dark
football stadium. He had his cash money, but you couldn't
pay for food with that It wasn't actually illegal to have the
stuff, it was just that nobody ever did anything legitimate
with it. He'd have to find a Gothick with a chip, buy a New
Yen's worth of credit, probably at a vicious discount, then
have the Gothick pay for the food. And what the hell was he
supposed to take his change in?
	Maybe you're just spooked, he told himself. He didn't
know for sure that he was being backtracked, and the base
he'd tried to crack was legit. or was supposed to be legit
That was why Two-a-Day had told him he didn't have to
worry about black ice Who'd put lethal feedback programs
around a place that leased soft kino porn? The idea had been
that he'd bleep out a few hours of digitalized kino, new stuff
that hadn't made it to the bootleg market. It wasn't the kind
of score anybody was liable to kill you for
	But somebody had tried. And something else had hap-
pened. Something entirely else. He trudged back up the stairs
again, out of Leon's He knew there was a lot he didn't know
about the matrix, but he'd never heard of anything that weird
	. . You got ghost stories, sure, and hotdoggers who swore
thcy'd seen things in cyberspace, but he had them figured for
wilsons who jacked in dusted; you could hallucinate in the
matrix as easily as anywhere else
2	Maybe that's what happened, he thought. The voice was
just part of dying, being flat-lined, some crazy bullshit your
brain threw up to make you feel better, and something had
happened back at the source, maybe a brownout in their part
of the grid, so the ice had lost its hold on his nervous system.
	Maybe. But he didn't know. Didn't know the turf. His
ignorance had started to dig into him recently, because it kept
him from making the moves he needed to make. He hadn't
ever much thought about it before, but he didn't really know
that much about anything in particular. In fact, up until he'd
started hotdogging, he'd felt like he knew about as much as
he needed to. And that was what the Gothicks were like, and
that was why the Gothicks would stay here and burn them-
selves down on dust, or get chopped out by Kasuals, and the
process of attrition would produce the percentage of them
who'd somehow become the next wave of childbearing, condo-
buying Barrytowners~ and the whole thing could go round
again.
	He was like a kid who'd grown up beside an ocean, taking
it as much for granted as he took the sky, but knowing
nothing of currents, shipping routes, or the ins and outs of
weather. He'd used decks in school, toys that shuttled you
through the infinite reaches of that space that wasn't space,
mankind's unthinkably complex consensual hallucination, the
matrix, cyberspace, where the great corporate hotcores burned
like neon novas, data so dense you suffered sensory overload
if you tried to apprehend more than the merest outline.
	But since he'd started hotdogging, he had some idea of
how precious little he knew about how anything worked, and
not just in the matrix. It spilled over, somehow, and he'd
started to wonder, wonder and think. How Barrytown worked,
what kept his mother going, why Gothicks and Kasuals in-
vested all that energy in trying to kill each other off Or why
Two-a-Day was black and lived up in the Projects, and what
made that different.
	As he walked, he kept up his search for the dealer. White
faces, more white faces. His stomach had started to make a
certain amount of noise; he thought about the fresh package
of wheat cutlets in the fridge at home, fry `em up with some
soy and crack a pack of krill wafers
	Passing the kiosk again, he che~ked the Coke clock. Mar-
sha was home for sure, deep in the labyrinthine complexities
of People of Importance. whose female protagonist's life
she'd shared through a socket for almost twenty years The
Asahi Shimbun fax was still rolling down behind its little
window, and he stepped closer in time to see the first report
of the bombing of A Block, Level 3, Covina Concourse
Courts, Barrytown, New Jersey..
	Then it was gone, past, and there was a story about the
formal funeral of the Cleveland Yakusa boss Strictly trad.
They all carried black umbrellas.
	He'd lived all his life in 503, A Block.
	That enormous thing, leaning in, to stomp Marsha New-
mark and her Hitachi flat. And of course it had been meant
for him.
	`There's somebody doesn't mess around," he heard him-
self say.
	"Hey! My man! Count! You dusted, bro? Hey! Where you
headin !"
	The eyes of two Deans twisting to follow him in the course
of his headlong panic.
<|endoftext|>
7
TIlE
MALL


CONROY SWUNG ThE Nue Fokker off the eroded ribbon of
prewar highway and throttled down. The long rooster tail of
pale dust that had followed them from Needles began to
settle; the hovercraft sank into its inflated apron bag as they
	came to a halt.
"Here's the venue, Turner
	"What hit it?" Rectangular expanse of concrete spreading
to uneven walls of weathered cinderblock.
	"Economics," Conroy said. "Before the war. They never
finished it Ten klicks west of here and there's whole subdivi-
sions, just pavement grids, no houses, nothing"
	"How big a site team?"
"Nine, not counting you. And the medics."
"What medics?"
	"Hosaka's. Maas is biologicals, right? No telling how they
might have our boy kinked. So Hosaka's built a regular little
neurosurgery and staffed it with three hotshots. Two of them
are company men, the third's a Korean who knows black
medicine from both ends. The medical pod's in that long one
there' `he pointed' `gotta partial section of roof."
	"How'd you get it on site?"
	"Brought it from Tucson inside a tanker. Faked a break-
down Got it out, rolled it in. Took all hands. Maybe three
minutes."
	"Maas," Turner said.
	"Sure" Conroy killed the engines. "Chance you take,"
he said in the abrupt silence "Maybe they missed it. Our guy
in the tanker sat there and bitched to his dispatcher in Tucson
on the CB, all about his shit-eating heat exchanger and how
long it was going to take to fix it. Figure they picked that up.
You think of a better way to do it?"
	"No. Given that the client wants the thing on the site. But
we're sitting here now in the middle of their recon foot-
print..."
	"Sweetheart"and Conroy snorted"maybe we just
stopped for a screw Break up our trip to Tucson, right? It's
that kind of place People stop here to piss, you know?" He
checked his black Porsche watch. "I'm due there in an hour,
get a copter back to the coast."
	"The rig?"
"No. Your fucking jet. Figured I handle that myself."
` `Gcxl. ~
	"I'd go for a Dornier System ground-effect plane myself.
Have it wait down the road until we see Mitchell heading in.
It could get here by the time the medics clean him up; we toss
him in and take off for the Sonora border .
	"At subsonic speeds," Turner said. "No way. You're on
your way to California to buy me that jump jet. Our boy's
going out of here in a multimission combat aircraft that's
barely even obsolete."
"You got a pilot in mind?"
"Me," Turner said, and tapped the socket behind his ear.
"It's a fully integrated interactive system. They'll sell you 
the
interface software and I'll jack straight in."
	"Didn't know you could fly."
	"I can't. You don't need hands-on to haul ass for Mexico
City."
	"Still the wild boy, Turner? You know the rumor's that
somebody blew your dick off, back there in New Delhi?"
Conroy swung around to face him, his grin cold and clean.
	Turner dug the parka from behind the seat and took out the
pistol and the box of ammunition. He was stuffing the parka
back again when Conroy said, "Keep it. It gets cold as hell
here, at night."
	Turner reached for the canopy latch, and Conroy revved
the engines. The hovercraft rose a few centimeters, swaying
slightly as Turner popped the canopy and climbed out. White-
out sun and air like hot velvet. He took his Mexican sun-
glasses from the pocket of the blue work shirt and put them
on.	He wore white deck shoes and a pair of tropical combat
fatigues. The box of explosive shells went into one of the
thigh pockets on the fatigues. He kept the gun in his right
hand, the parka bundled under his left arm. "Head for the
long building," Conroy said, over the engine. "They're ex-
pecting you."
	He jumped down into the furnace glow of desert noon as
Conroy revved the Fokker again and edged it back to the
highway. He watched as it sped east, its receding image
distorted through wrinkles of rising heat.
	When it was gone, there was no sound at all, no move-
ment. He turned, facing the ruin. Something small and stone-
gray darted between two rocks.
	Perhaps eighty meters from the highway the jagged walls
began. The expanse between had once been a parking lot.
	Five steps forward and he stopped. He heard the sea, surf
pounding, soft explosions as breakers fell. The gun was in his
hand, too large, too real, its metal warming in the sun.
	No sea, no sea, he told himself, can't hear it He walked
on, the deck shoes slipping in drifts of ancient window glass
seasoned with brown and green shards of bottle. There were
rusted discs that had been bottle caps, flattened rectangles 
that
had been aluminum cans. Insects whirred up from low clumps
of dry brush.
	Over. Done with. This place. No time.
	He stopped again, straining forward, as though he sought
something that would help him name the thing that was rising
in him. Something hollow .
	The mall was doubly dead. The beach hotel in Mexico had
lived once, at least for a season
	Beyond the parking lot, the sunlit cinderblock, cheap and
soulless, waiting.

	He found them crouched in the narrow strip of shade
provided by a length of gray wall. Three of them; he smelled
the coffee before he saw them, the fire-blackened enamel pot
balanced precariously on the tiny Primus cooker. He was
meant to smell it, of course; they were expecting him Other-
wise, he'd have found the ruin empty, and then, somehow,
very quietly and almost naturally, he would have died.
	Two men, a woman; cracked, dusty boots out of Texas,
denim so shiny with grease that it would probably be water-
proof. The men were bearded, their uncut hair bound up in
sun-bleached topknots with lengths of rawhide, the woman's
hair center-parted and pulled back tight from a seamed, wind-
burnt face. An ancient BMW motorcycle was propped against
the wall, flecked chrome and battered paintwork daubed with
airbrush blobs of tan and gray desert camo.
	He released the Smith & Wesson's grip, letting it pivot
around his index finger, so that the barrel pointed up and
back.
	"Turner," one of the men said, rising, cheap metal flash-
ing from his teeth. `Sutcliffe." Trace of an accent, probably
Australian.
	"Point team?" He looked at the other two.
"Point," Sutcliffe said, and probed his mouth with a tanned
thumb and forefinger, coming away with a yellowed, steel-
capped prostho. His own teeth were white and perfectly even.
"You took Chauvet from IBM for Mitsu," he said, "and
they say you took Semenov out of Tomsk."
	"Is that a question?"
	"I was security for IBM Marrakech when you blew the
hotel."
	Turner met the man's eyes. They were blue, calm, very
bright. "Is that a problem for you?"
	"No fear," Sutcliffe said. "Just to say I've seen you
work." He snapped the prostho back in place. "Lynch"
nodding toward the other man' `and Webber' `toward
the woman.

"Run it down to me," Turner said, and lowered himself
into the scrap of shade. He squatted on his haunches, still
holding the gun.
	"We came in three days ago," Webber said, "on two
bikes. We arranged for one of them to snap its crankshaft, in
case we had to make an excuse for camping here. There's a
sparse transient population, gypsy bikers and cultists. Lynch
walked an optics spool six kilos east and tapped into a
phone .
"Private?"
"Pay," Lynch said.
	"We sent out a test squirt," the woman continued. "If it
hadn't worked, you'd know it."
	Turner nodded. "Incoming traffic?"
	"Nothing. It's strictly for the big show, whatever that is."
She raised her eyebrows.
	"It's a defection."
"Bit obvious, that," Sutcliffe said, settling himself beside
Webber, his back to the wall. "Though the general tone of
the operation so far suggests that we hirelings aren't likely to
even know who we're extracting. True, Mr. Turner? Or will
we be able to read about it in the fax?"
	Turner ignored him. "Go on. Webber."
	"After our landline was in place, the rest of the crew
filtered in, one or two at a time. The last one in primed us for
the tankful of Japs
	"That was raw," Sutcliffe said, "bit too far up front."
"You think it might have blown us?" Turner asked.
	Sutcliffe shrugged. "Could be, could be no. We hopped it
pretty quick. Damned lucky we'd the roof to tuck it under."
	"What about the passengers?"
	"They only come out at night," Webber said. "And they
know we'll kill them if they try to get more than five meters
away from the thing."
	Turner glanced at Sutcliffe.
"Conroy's orders," the man said.
	"Conroy's orders don't count now," Turner said. "But
that one holds. What are these people like?"
	"Medicals,'~ Lynch said, "bent medicals."
	"You got it," Turner said. "What about the rest of the
crew?"
	"We rigged some shade with mimetic tarps. They sleep in
shifts. There's not enough water and we can't risk much in
the way of cooking." Sutcliffe reached for the coffeepot.
"We have sentries in place and we run periodic checks on the
integrity of the landline." He splashed black coffee into a
plastic mug that looked as though it had been chewed by a
dog. "So when do we do our dance, Mr. Turner?"
	"I want to see your tank of pet medics. I want to see a
command post. You haven't said anything about a command
post."
	"All set," Lynch said.
	"Fine. Here." Turner passed Webber the revolver. "See if
you can find me some sort of rig for this. Now I want Lynch
to show me these medics."

	"He thought it would be you," Lynch said, scrambling
effortlessly up a low incline of rubble. Turner followed
`You've got quite a rep." The younger man glanced back at
him from beneath a fringe of dirty, sun-streaked hair.
	"Too much of one," Turner said. "Any is too much. You
worked with him before? Marrakech?" Lynch ducked side-
ways through a gap in the cinderblock, and Turner was close
behind. The desert plants smelled of tar; they stung and
grabbed if you brushed them. Through a vacant, rectangular
opening intended for a window, Turner glimpsed pink moun-
taintops; then Lynch was loping down a slope of gravel.
	"Sure, I worked for him before," Lynch said, pausing at
the base of the slide. An ancient-looking leather belt rode low
on his hips, its heavy buckle a tarnished silver death's-head
with a dorsal crest of blunt, pyramidal spikes. "Marrakech-
that was before my time."
	"Connie, too, Lynch?"
	"How's that?"
	"Conroy. You work for him before? More to the point
are you working for him now?" Turner came slowly, deliber-
ately down the gravel as he spoke; it crunched and slid
beneath his deck shoes, uneasy footing. He could see the
delicate little fletcher holstered beneath Lynch's denim vest.
	Lynch licked dry lips, held his ground. "That's Sut's
contact. I haven't met him."
	"Conroy has this problem, Lynch. Can't delegate respon-
sibility. He likes to have his own man from the start, some-
one to watch the watchers. Always. You the one, Lynch?"
	Lynch shook his head, the absolute minimum of movement
required to convey the negative. Turner was close enough to
smell his sweat above the tarry odor of the desert plants.
"I've seen Conroy blow two extractions that way," Turner
	said. "Lizards and broken glass, Lynch? You feel like dying
F	here?" Turner raised his fist in front of Lynch's face and

slowly extended the index finger, pointing straight up "We're
in their footprint. If a plant of Conroy's bleeps the least
fucking pulse out of here, they'll be on to us."
	"If they aren't already."
F	"That's right."
	"Sut's your man," Lynch said. "Not me, and I can't see it
being Webber." Black-rimmed, broken nails came up to
scratch abstractedly at his beard. "Now, did you get me back
here exclusively for this little talk, or do you still wanna see
our canful of Japs?"
	"Let's see it."
Lynch. Lynch was the one.
	*	*	*
	Once, in Mexico, years before, Turner had chartered a
portable vacation module, solar-powered and French-built, its
seven-meter body like a wingless housefly sculpted in pol-
ished alloy, its eyes twin hemispheres of tinted, photosensi-
tive plastic; he sat behind them as an aged twin-prop Russian
cargo lifter lumbered down the coast with the module in its
jaws, barely clearing the crowns of the tallest palms. Depos-
ited on a remote beach of black sand, Turner spent three days
of pampered solitude in the narrow, teak-lined cabin, micro-
waving food from the freezer and showering, frugally but
regularly, in cool fresh water. The module's rectangular banks
of cells would swivel, tracking the sun, and he'd learned to
tell time by their position.
	Hosaka's portable neurosurgery resembled an eyeless ver-
sion of that French module, perhaps two meters longer and
painted a dull brown. Sections of perforated angle iron had
been freshly braised at intervals along the lower half of the
hull, and supported simple spring suspensions for ten fat,
heavily nubbed red rubber bicycle tires.
	"They're asleep," Lynch said. "It bobs around when they
move, so you can tell. We'll have the wheels off when the
time comes, but for now we like being able to keep track of
them."
	Turner walked slowly around the brown pod, noting the
glossy black sewage tube that ran to a small rectangular tank
nearby.
	"Had to dump that, last night. Jesus." Lynch shook his
head. "They got food and some water."
	Turner put his ear to the hull.
	"It's proofed," Lynch said.
	Turner glanced up at the steel roof above them. The sur-
gery was screened from above by a good ten meters of rusting
roof. Sheet steel, and hot enough now to fry an egg. He
nodded. That hot rectangle would be a permanent factor in
the Maas infrared scan.

	"Bats," Webber said, handing him the Smith & Wesson in
a black nylon shoulder rig. The dusk was full of sounds that
seemed to come from inner space, metallic squeaks and the
cackling of bugs, cries of unseen birds. Turner shoved gun
and holster into a pocket on the parka. "You wanna piss, go
up by that mesquite. But watch out for the thorns."
	"Where are you from?"
	"New Mexico," the woman said, her face like carved
wood in the remaining light. She turned and walked away,
heading for the angle of walls that sheltered the tarps. He
could make out Sutcliffe and a young black man there. They
were eating from dull foil envelopes Ramirez, the on-site
console jockey, Jaylene Slide's partner. Out of Los Angeles.
	Turner looked up at the bowl of sky, limitless, the map of
stars. Strange how it's bigger this way, he thought, and from
orbit it's just a gulf, formless, and scale lost all meaning. 
And
tonight he wouldn't sleep, he knew, and the Big Dipper
would whirl round for him and dive for the horizon, pulling
its tail with it.
	A wave of nausea and dislocation hit him as images from
the biosoft dossier swam unbidden through his mind.

ANDREA LIVED iN mn Quartier des Ternes, where her ancient
building, like the others in her street, awaited sandblasting
by the city's relentless renovators. Beyond the dark entrance,
one of Fuji Electric's biofluorescent strips glowed dimly above
a dilapidated wall of small wooden hutches, some with their
slotted doors still intact. Marly knew that postmen had once
made daily deposits of mail through those slots; there was
something romantic about the idea, although the hutches,
with their yellowing business cards announcing the occupa-
tions of long-vanished tenants, had always depressed her. The
walls of the hallway were stapled with bulging loops of cable
and fiber optics, each strand a potential nightmare for some
hapless utilities repairman. At the far end, through an open
door paneled with dusty pebble glass, was a disused court-
yard, its cobbles shiny with damp.
	The concierge was sitting in the courtyard as Marly entered
the building, on a white plastic crate that had once held
bottles of Evian water. He was patiently oiling each link of an
old bicycle's black chain. He glanced up as she began to
climb the first flight of stairs, but registered no particular
interest.
	The stairs were made of marble, worn dull and concave by
generations of tenants. Andrea's apartment was on the fourth
floor. Two rooms, kitchen, and bath. Marly had come here
when she'd closed her gallery for the last time, when it was
no longer possible to sleep in the makeshift bedroom she'd
shared with Alain, the little room behind the storeroom. Now
4:
the building brought her depression circling in again, but the
feel of her new outfit and the tidy click of her bootheels on
marble kept it at a distance. She wore an oversized leather
coat a few shades lighter than her handbag, a wool skirt, and
a silk blouse from Paiis Isetan. She'd had her hair cut that
morning on Faubourg St. Honor~, by a Burmese girl with a
West German laser pencil; an expensive cut, subtle without
being too conservative.
	She touched the round plate bolted in the center of An-
drea's door, heard it peep once, softly, as it read the whorls
and ridges of her fingertips. "It's me, Andrea," she said to
the tiny microphone. A series of clanks and tickings as her
friend unbolted the door.
	Andrea stood there, dripping wet, in the old terry robe. She
took in Marly's new look, then smiled. "Did you get your
job, or have you robbed a bank?" Marly stepped in, kissing
her friend's wet cheek. "It feels a~bit of both," she said, and
laughed.
	"Coffee," said Andrea, "make us coffee Grandes cremes.
I must rinse my hair And yours is beautiful . ." She went
into the bathroom and Marly heard a spray of water across
porcelain.
	"I've brought you a present," Marly said, but Andrea
couldn't hear her She went into the kitchen and filled the
kettle, lit the stove with the old-fashioned spark gun, and
began to search the crowded shelves for coffee.

	"Yes," Andrea was saying, "I do see it." She was peer-
ing into the hologram of the box Marly had first seen in
Virek's construct of Gaudi's park. "It's your sort of thing."
She touched a stud and the Braun's illusion winked out.
Beyond the room's single window, the sky was stippled with
a few wisps of cirrus. "Too grim for me, too serious. Like
the things you showed at your gallery. But that can only mean
that Herr Virek has chosen well; you will solve his mystery
for him. If I were you, considering the wage, I might take my
own good time about it." Andrea wore Marly's gift, an
expensive, beautifully detailed man's dress shirt, in gray
Flemish flannel. It was the sort of thing she liked most, and
her delight in it was obvious. It set off her pale hair, and was
very nearly the color of her eyes
	"He's quite horrible, Virek, I think .." Marly hesitated.
"Quite likely," Andrea said, taking another sip of coffee.
"Do you expect anyone that wealthy to be a nice, normal
sort?"
	"I felt, at one point, that he wasn't quite human. Felt that
very strongly."
	"But he isn't, Marly. You were talking with a projection, a
special effect
	"Still	She made a gesture of helplessness, which
immediately made her feel annoyed with herself.
	"Still, he is very, very wealthy, and he's paying you a
great deal to do something that you may be uniquely suited to
do." Andrea smiled and readjusted a finely turned charcoal
cuff. "You don't have a great deal of choice, do you?"
	"I know. I suppose that's what's making me uneasy.
	"Well," Andrea said, "I thought I might put off telling
you a bit longer, but I have something else that may make
you feel uneasy. If `uneasy' is the word."
"Yes?"
	"I considered not telling you at all, but I'm sure he'll get
to you eventually. He smells money, I suppose."
	Marly put her empty cup down carefully on the cluttered
little rattan table.
	"He's quite acute that way," Andrea said.
"When?"
	"Yesterday. It began, I think, about an hour after you
would have had your interview with Virek. He called me at
work. He left a message here, with the concierge. If I were to
remove the screen program' `she gestured toward the
phone' `I think he'd ring within thirty minutes."
	Remembering the concierge's eyes, the ticking of the bicy-
cle chain.
	"He wants to talk, he said," Andrea said. "Only to talk.
Do you want to talk with him, Marly?"
	"Not" she said, and her voice was a little girl's voice,
high and ridiculous. Then, "Did he leave a number?" Andrea
sighed, slowly shook her head, and then said, "Yes, of
course he did."
V
lip
TIlE


Tire DARK wA5 FULL of honeycomb patterns the color of blood.
Everything was warm. And soft, `too, mostly soft
	"What a mess," one of the angels said, her voice far off
but low and rich and very clear.
	"We should've clipped him out of Leon's," the other
angel said. "They aren't gonna like this upstairs
	"Must've had something in this big pocket here, see? They
slashed it for him, getting it out."
	"Not all they slashed, sister. Jesus. Here."
	The patterns swung and swam as something moved his
head. Cool palm against his cheek.
	"Don't get any on your shirt," the first angel said.
	"Two-a-Day ain't gonna like this. Why you figure he
freaked like that and ran?"

	It pissed him off, because he wanted to sleep. He was
asleep, for sure, but somehow Marsha's jack-dreams were
bleeding into his head so that he tumbled through broken
sequences of People of Importance. The soap had been run-
ning continuously since before he was born, the plot a
multiheaded narrative tapeworm that coiled back in to devour
itself every few months, then sprouted new heads hungry for
tension and thrust. He could see it writhing in its totality, 
the
way Marsha could never see it, an elongated spiral of Sense!
Net DNA, cheap brittle ectoplasm spun out to uncounted
hungry dreamers. Marsha, now, she had it from the POV of
Michele Morgan Magnum, the female lead, hereditary corpo-
rate head of Magnum AG. But today's episode kept veering
weirdly away from Michele's frantically complex romantic
entanglements, which Bobby had anyway never bothered to
keep track of, and jerking itself into detailed 
socioarchitectural
descriptions of Soleri-style mincome arcologies. Some of the
detail, even to Bobby, seemed suspect; he doubted, for in-
stance, that there really were entire levels devoted to the sale
of ice-blue shaved-velour lounge suites with diamond-buckled
knees, or that there were other levels, perpetually dark, in-
habited exclusively by starving babies. This last, he seemed
to recall, had been an article of faith to Marsha, who regarded
the Projects with superstitious horror, as though they were
some looming vertical hell to which she might one day be
forced to ascend. Other segments of the jack-dream reminded
him of the Knowledge channel Sense/Net piped in free with
every stim subscription; there were elaborate animated dia-
grams of the Projects' interior structure, and droning lectures
in voice-over on the life-styles of various types of residents.
These, when he was able to focus on them, seemed even less
convincing than the flashes of ice-blue velour and feral babies
creeping silently through the dark. He watched a cheerful
young mother slice pizza with a huge industrial waterknife in
the kitchen corner of a spotless one-room An entire wall
opened onto a shallow balcony and a rectangle of cartoon-
blue sky. The woman was black without being black, it
seemed to Bobby, like a very, very dark and youthfully
maternal version of one of the porno dolls on the unit in his
bedroom. And had, it looked like, the identical small but
cartoon-perfect breasts. (At this point, to add to his dull
confusion, an astonishingly loud and very unNet voice said,
"Now I call that a definite sign of life, Jackie. If the progno-
sis ain't bookin' up yet, at least somethin' is.") And then
went spinning back into the all-glitz universe of Michele
Morgan Magnum, who was desperately struggling to prevent
Magnum AG's takeover by the sinister Shikoku-based Naka-
mura industrial clan, represented in this case by (plot compli-
cation) Michele's main squeeze for the season, wealthy (but
somehow grindingly in need of additional billions) New So-
viet boy-politician Vasily Suslov, who looked and dressed
remarkably like the Gothicks in Leon's.
	The episode seemed to be reaching some sort of climaxan
antique BMW fuel-cell conversion had just been strafed by
servo-piloted miniature West German helicopters on the street
below Covina Concourse Courts, Michele Morgan Magnum
was pistol-whipping her treacherous personal secretary with a
nickel-plated Nambu, and Susbov, who Bobby was coming
increasingly to identify with, was casually preparing to get 
his ass
out of town with a gorgeous female bodyguard who was
Japanese but reminded Bobby intensely of another one of the
dreamgirls on his holoporn unitwhen someone screamed
	Bobby had never heard anyone scream that way, and there
was something horribly familiar about the voice. But before
he could start to worry about it, those blood-red honeycombs
came swirling in again and made him miss the end of People
of Importance. Still, some part of him thought, as red went to
black, he could always ask Marsha how it came out

	"Open your eyes, man. That's it. Light too bright for
you?"
	It was, but it didn't change White, white, he remembered
his head exploding years away, pure white grenade in that
cool-wind desert dark. His eyes were open, but he couldn't
see. Just white.
	"Now, I'd leave you down, ordinarily, boy in your con-
dition, but the people paying me for this say get a jump on,
so I'm wakin' you up before I'm done. You wonderin' why
you can't see shit, right? Just light, that's all you can see,
that's right. What we got here is a neural cutout. Now,
between you and me, this thing come out of a sex shop, but
there's no reason not to use it in medicine if we want to. And
we do want to, because you're still hurtin' bad, and anyway,
it keeps you still while I get on with it." The voice was calm
and methodical. "Now, your big problem, that was your
back, but I took care of that with a stapler and a few feet of
claw You don't get any plastic work here, you understand,
but the honeys'll think those scars are real Interesting. What
I'm doin' now is I'm cleanin' this one on your chest, then I'll
zip a little claw down that and we're all done, except you
better move easy for a couple of days or you'll pull a staple I
got a couple of derms on you, and I'll stick on a few more
Meantime, I'm going to click your sensonum up to audio and
full visual so you can get into being here. Don't mind the
blood; it's all yours but there isn't any more comm."
	White curdled to gray cloud, objects taking form with the
slow deliberation of a dust vision. He was flat against a
padded ceiling, staring straight down at a blood-stained white
doll that had no head at all, only a greenish blue surgical
lamp that seemed to sprout from its shoulders. A black man
in a stained green smock was spraying something yellow into
a shallow gash that ran diagonally from just above the doll's
pelvic bone to just below its left nipple. He knew the man
was black because his head was bare, bare and shaven, slick
with sweat: his hands were covered in tight green gloves and
all that Bobby could see of him was the gleaming crown of
his head There were pink and blue dermadisks stuck to the
skin on either side of the doll's neck. The edges of the wound
seemed to have been painted with something that looked like
chocolate syrup, and the yellow spray made a hissing sound
as it escaped from its little silver tube.
	Then Bobby got the picture, and the universe reversed
itself sickeningly. The lamp was suspended from the ceiling,
the ceiling was mirrored, and he was the doll. He seemed to
snap back on a long elastic cord, back through the red honey-
combs, to the dream room where the black girl sliced pizza
for her children. The waterknife made no sound at all, micro-
scopic gnt suspended in a needle-stream of high-speed water.
The thing was intended to cut glass and alloy, Bobby knew,
not to slice microwaved pizza, and he wanted to scream at her
because he was terrified she'd take off her thumb without
even feeling it.
	But he couldn't scream, couldn't move or make a sound at
all. She lovingly sliced the last piece, toed the kickplate that
shut the knife down, transferred the sliced pizza to a plain
white ceramic platter, then turned toward the rectangle of
blue beyond the balcony, where her children wereno, Bobby
said, way down in himself, no way. Because the things that
wheeled and plunged for her weren't hang-gliding kids, but
babies, the monstrous babies of Marsha's dream, and the
tattered wings a confusion of pink bone, metal, patched taut
membranes of scrap plastic . . . He saw their teeth
	"Whoa," said the black man, "lost you for a second. Not
for long, you understand, just maybe a New York minute.. ."
His hand, in the mirrors overhead, took a flat spool of blue
transparent plastic from the bloody cloth beside Bobby's ribs.
Delicately, with thumb and forefinger, he drew out a length
of some sort of brown, beaded plastic. Minute points of light
flashed along its edges and seemed to quiver and shift. "Claw,"
he said, and with his other hand thumbed some sort of
integral cutter in the sealed blue spool. Now the length of
beaded stuff swung free and began to writhe. "Good shit,"
he said, bringing the thing into Bobby's line of sight. "New.
What they use in Chiba now." It was brown, headless, each
bead a body segment, each segment edged with pale shining
legs. Then, with a conjurer's flick of his green-gloved wrists,
he lay the centipede down the length of the open wound and
pinched delicately at the final segment, the one nearest Bob-
by's face. As the segment came away. it withdrew a glittering
black thread that had served the thing as a nervous system,
and as that went, each set of claws locked shut in turn,
zipping the slash tight as a new leather jacket.
	"Now, you see," said the black man, mopping the last of
the brown syrup away with a wet white pad, "that wasn't so
bad, was it?"

	His entrance to Two-a-Day's apartment wasn't anything
like the way he'd so often imagined it. To begin with, he'd
never imagined being wheeled in in a wheelchair that some-
one had appropriated from St. Mary's Maternitythe name
and a serial number neatly laser-etched on the dull chrome of
the left armrest. The woman who was wheeling him would
have fitted neatly enough into one of his fantasies; her name
was Jackie, one of the two Project girls he'd seen at Leon's,
and, he'd come to understand, one of his two angels. The
wheelchair was silent as it glided across the scabrous gray
wall-to-wall of the apartment's narrow entranceway, but the
gold bangles on Jackie's fedora tinkled cheerfully as she
pushed him along.
	And he'd never imagined that Two-a-Day's place would be
quite this large, or that it would be full of trees.
	Pye, the doctor, who'd been careful to explain that he
wasn't a doctor, just someone who "helped out sometimes,"
had settled back on a torn barstool in his makeshift surgery,
peeled off his bloody green gloves, lit a menthol cigarette,
and solemnly advised Bobby to take it real easy for the next
week or so. Minutes later, Jackie and Rhea, the other angel,
had wrestled him into a pair of wrinkled black pajamas that
looked like something out of a very cheap ninja kino, depos-
ited him in the wheelchair, and set out for the central stem of
elevators at the arcology's core. Thanks to an additional three
derms from Pye's store of drugs, one of them charged with a
good two thousand mikes of endorphin analog, Bobby was
alert and feeling no pain.
	"Where's my stuff," he protested, as they rolled him out
into a corridor grown penlously narrow with decades of
retrofitted ducts and plumbing. "Where's my clothes and my
deck and everything?"
	"Your clothes, hon, such as they were, are taped up in a
plastic bag waiting for Pye to shitcan `em. Pye had to cut `em
off you on the slab, and they weren't but bloody rags to begin
with. If your deck was in your jacket, down the back, I'd say
the boys who chopped you out got it. Damn near got you in
the process. And you ruined my Sally Stanley shirt, you little
shithead." Angel Rhea didn't seem too friendly.
	"Oh~'~ Bobby said, as they rounded a corner, "right
Well, did you happen to find a screwdriver in there? Or a
credit chip?"
	"No chip, baby. But if the screwdriver's the one with the
two hundred and ten New ones screwed into the handle, that's
the price of my new shirt . .

	Two-a-Day didn't look as though he was particularly glad
to see Bobby. In fact, it almost seemed as if he didn't see him
at all. Looked straight through him to Jackie and Rhea, and
showed his teeth in a smile that was all nerves and sleep-lack.
They wheeled Bobby close enough that he saw how yellow
Two-a-Day's eyeballs looked, almost orange in the pinky-pur-
ple glow of the gro-light tubes that seemed to dangle at
random from the ceiling. "What took you bitches?" the
wareman asked, but there was no anger in his voice, only
bone weariness and something else, something Bobby couldn't
identify at first.
	"Pye," Jackie said, swaggering past the wheelchair to take
a package of Chinese cigarettes from the enormous wooden
slab that served Two-a-Day as a coffee table. "He's a perfec-
tionist, ol' Pye
	"Learned that in vet school," Rhea added, for Bobby's
benefit, "`cept usually he's too wasted, nobody'd let him
work on a dog .
	"So," Two-a-Day said, and finally let his eyes rest on
Bobby, "you gonna make it." And his eyes were so cold, so
tired and clinical, so far removed from the hustling manic
bullshitter's act that Bobby had taken for the man's person-
ality, that Bobby could only lower his own eyes, face burn-
ing, and lock his gaze on the table.
	Nearly three meters long and slightly over a meter wide, it
was strapped together from timbers thicker than Bobby's
thigh. It must have been in the water once, he thought;
sections still retained the bleached silvery patina of 
driftwood,
like the log he remembered playing beside a long time ago in
Atlantic City. But it hadn't seen water for a long time, and
the top was a dense mosaic of candle drippings, wine stains,
oddly shaped overspray marks in matte black enamel, and the
dark burns left by hundreds of cigarettes. It was so crowded
with food, garbage, and gadgets that it looked as though some
street vendor had set up to unload hardware, then decided to
have dinner. There were half-eaten pizzaskrill balls in red
sauce, and Bobby's stomach began to churnbeside cascad-
ing stacks of software, smudged glasses with cigarettes crushed
out in purple wine dregs, a pink styrene tray with neat rows
of stale-looking canapes, open and unopened cans of beer, an
antique Gerber combat dagger that lay unsheathed on a flat
block of polished marble, at least three pistols, and perhaps
two dozen pieces of cryptic-looking console gear, the kind of
cowboy equipment that ordinarily would have made Bobby's
mouth water.
	Now his mouth was watering for a slice of cold krill pizza,
but his hunger was nothing in the face of his abrupt humilia-
tion at seeing that Two-a-Day just didn't care. Not that Bobby
had thought of him as a friend, exactly, but he'd definitely
had something invested in the idea that Two-a-Day saw him
as someone, somebody with talent and initiative and a chance
of getting out of Barrytown. But Two-a-Day's eyes told him
he was nobody in particular, and a wilson at that .
	"Look here, my man," someone said, not Two-a-Day, and
Bobby looked up. Two other men flanked Two-a-Day on the
fat chrome and leather couch, both of them black. The one
who'd spoken wore a gray robe of some kind and antique
plastic-framed glasses. The frames were square and oversized
and seemed to lack lenses. The other man's shoulders were
twice as wide as Two-a-Day's, but he wore the kind of plain
black two-piece suit you saw on Japanese businessmen in
kinos. His spotless white French cuffs were closed with bright
rectangles of gold microcircuitry. "It's a shame we can't let
you have some downtime to heal up," the first man said,
"but we have a bad problem here." He paused, removed his
glasses, and massaged the bridge of his nose. "We require
your help."
	"Shit," Two-a-Day said He leaned forward, took a Chi-
nese cigarette from the pack on the table, lit it with a dull
pewter skull the size of a large lemon, then reached for a
glass of wine. The man with the glasses extended a lean
brown forefinger and touched Two-a-Day's wrist. Two-a-Day
released the glass and sat back, his face carefully blank. The
man smiled at Bobby. "Count Zero," he said, "they tell us
that's your handle."
	"That's right," Bobby managed, though it came out as a
kind of croak.
	"We need to know about the Virgin, Count." The man
waited.
	Bobby blinked at him.
	"Vy~j Mirak"and the glasses went back on' `Our Lady,
Virgin of Miracles. We know her' `and he made a sign with
his left hand' `as Ezili Freda."
	Bobby became aware of the fact that his mouth was open,
so he closed it. The three dark faces waited. Jackie and Rhea
were gone, but he hadn't seen them leave. A kind of panic
took him then, and he glanced frantically around at the strange
forest of stunted trees that surrounded them. The gro-light
tubes slanted at every angle, in any direction, pink-purple
jackstraws suspended in a green space of leaves. No walls
You couldn't see a wall at all. The couch and the battered
table sat in a sort of clearing, with a floor of raw concrete.
	"We know she came to you," the big man said, crossing
his legs carefully. He adjusted a perfect trouser-crease, and a
gold cufflink winked at Bobby. "We know, you understand?"
	"Two-a-Day tells me it was your first run," the other man
said. "That the truth?"
	Bobby nodded.
	"Then you are chosen of Legba," the man said, again
removing the empty frames," to have met Vy4~ Mirak." He
smiled.
	Bobby's mouth was open again.
	"Legba," the man said, "master of roads and pathways,
the ba of communication . .
	Two-a-Day ground his cigarette out on the scarred wood,
and Bobby saw that his hand was shaking.

THEY AGREED TO MEET in the brasserie on the fifth sublevel of
the Napoleon Court complex. beneath the Louvre's glass
pyramid. It was a place they both knew, although it had had
no particular meaning for them. Alain had suggested it. and
she suspected him of having chosen it carefully. It was neu-
tral emotional ground; a familiar setting, yet one that was free
of memories. It was decorated in a style that dated from the
turn of the century: granite counters, black floor-to-ceiling
beams, wall-to-wall mirror, and the sort of Italian restaurant
furniture, in dark welded steel, that might have belonged to
any decade of the past hundred years. The tables were cov-
ered in gray linen with a fine black stripe, a pattern picked up
and repeated on the menu covers and matchbooks and the
aprons of the waiters.
	She wore the leather coat she'd bought in Brussels, a red
linen blouse, and new black cotton jeans. Andrea had pre-
tended not to notice the extreme care with which she'd dressed
for the meeting, and then had loaned her a simple single
strand of pearls, which set off the red blouse perfectly.
	He'd come early, she saw as she entered, and already the
table was littered with his things. He wore his favorite scarf,
the one they'd found together at the flea market the year
before, and looked, as he usually did, disheveled but per-
fectly at ease. The tattered leather attache case had disgorged
its contents across the little square of polished granite: 
spiral
notebooks, an unread copy of the month's controversial novel,
Gauloise nonfilters, a box of wooden matches, the leather-
bound agenda she'd bought for him at Browns
	"I thought you might not cOme," he said, smiling up at
her.
	"Why would you have thought that?" she asked, a random
responsepathetic, she thoughtmasking the terror she now
felt, that she allowed herself at last to feel, which was fear 
of
some loss of self, of will and direction, fear of the love she
still felt. She took the other chair and seated herself as the
young waiter amved, a Spanish boy in a striped apron, to
take her order. She asked for Vichy water.
	"Nothing else?" Alain asked. The waiter hovered
"No, thank you."
	"I've been trying to reach you for weeks," he said, and
she knew that that was a lie, and yet, as she often had before,
she wondered if he was entirely conscious of the fact that he
was lying. Andrea maintained that men like Alain lied so
constantly, so passionately, that some basic distinction had
been lost. They were artists in their own right, Andrea said,
intent on restructuring reality, and the New Jerusalem was a
fine place indeed, free of overdrafts and disgruntled landlords
and the need to find someone to cover the evening's bill.
	"I didn't notice you trying to reach me when Gnass came
with the police," she said, hoping at least that he would
wince, but the boyish face was calm as ever, beneath clean
brown hair he habitually combed back with his fingers.
	"I'm sorry," he said, crushing out his Gauloise Because
she'd come to associate the smell of the dark French tobacco
with him, Paris had seemed full of his scent, his ghost, his
trail. "I was certain he'd never detect thethe nature of the
piece. You must understand: Once I had admitted to myself
how badly we needed the money, I knew that I must act
You, I knew, were far too idealistic. The gallery would have
folded in any case. If things had gone as planned, with
Gnass, we would be there now, and you would be happy.
Happy," he repeated, taking another cigarette from the pack
	She could only stare at him, feeling a kind of wonder, and
a sick revulsion at her desire to believe him.
	"You know," he said, taking a match from the red and
yellow box, "I've had difficulties with the police before.
When I was a student. Politics, of course." He struck the
match, tossed the box down, and lit the cigarette
	"Politics," she said, and suddenly felt like laughing "I
was unaware that there was a party for people like you. I
can't imagine what it might be called."
	"Marly," he said, lowering his voice, as he always did
when he wished to indicate intensity of feeling, "you know,
you must know, that I acted for you For us, if you will But
surely you know, you can feel, Marly, that I would never
deliberately hurt you, or place you in jeopardy." There was
no room on the crowded little table for her purse, so she'd
held it in her lap; now she was aware of her nails buried deep
in the soft thick leather
	"Never hurt me	The voice was her own, lost and
amazed, the voice of a child, and suddenly she was free, free
of need, desire, free of fear, and all that she felt for the
handsome face across the table was simple revulsion, and she
could only stare at him, this stranger she'd slept beside for
one year, in a tiny room behind a very small gallery in the
Rue Mauconseil. The waiter put her glass of Vichy down in
front of her.
	He must have taken her silence for the beginning of accep-
tance, the utter blankness of her expression for openness.
"What you don't understand"this, she remembered, was a
favorite opening' `is that men like Gnass exist, in some
sense, to support the arts To support us, Marly." He smiled
then, as though he laughed at himself, a jaunty, conspiratorial
smile that chilled her now. "I suppose, though, that I should
have credited the man with having at least the requisite sense
to hire his own Cornell expert, although my Cornell expert, I
assure you, was by far the more erudite of the two .
	How was she to get away? Stand, she told herself Turn.
Walk calmly back to the entrance Step through the door. Out
into the subdued glitter of Napoleon Court, where polished
marble overlay the Rue du Champ Fleuri, a fourteenth-cen-
tury street said to have been reserved primarily for prostitu-
tion. Anything, anything, only go, only leave, now, and be
away, away from him, walking blind, to lose herself in the
guidebook Paris she'd learned when she'd first come here.
	"But now." he was saying. "you can see that things have
worked out for the best. It's often like that, isn't it?" Again,
the smile, but this time it was boyish, slightly wistful, and
somehow, horribly, more intimate "We've lost the gallery,
but you've found employment, Marly. You have a job to do,
an interesting one, and I have the connections you'll need,
Marly. I know the people you'll need to meet, in order to find
your artist
	"My artist?" Covering her abrupt confusion with a sip of
Vichy.
	He opened his scarred attache and removed something flat,
a simple reflection hologram. She took it, grateful to have
something to do with her hands, and saw that it was a casual
shot of the box she'd seen in Virek's construct of Barcelona.
Someone was holding it forward A man's hands, not Alains,
and on one of them, a signet ring of some dark metal. The
background was lost. Only the box, and the hands
	"Alain," she said, "where did you get this?" Looking up
to meet brown eyes filled with a temble childlike triumph
	It s going to cost someone a very great deal to find out
He ground out his cigarette and stood. "Excuse me." He
walked away, headed in the direction of the restrooms. As he
vanished, behind mirrors and black steel beams, she dropped
the hologram, reached across the table, and flipped back the
lid of his attache. There was nothing there, only a blue elastic
band and some crumbs of tobacco
	"May I bring you something else? More Vichy, perhaps?"
The waiter stood beside her.
	She looked up at him, struck suddenly by a sense of
familiarity. The lean dark face
	"He's wearing a broadcast unit," the waiter said. "He's
armed as well. I was the bellman in Brussels. Give him what
he wants. Remember that the money means nothing to you."
He took her glass and placed it carefully on his tray. "And,
very likely, it will destroy him."
	When Alain returned, he was smiling. "Now, darling," he
said reaching for his cigarettes, "we can do business."
	Marly smiled back and nodded

HE ALLOWED HIMSELF three hours of sleep, finally, in the
windowless bunker where the point tekm had established the
command post. He'd met the rest of the site team Ramirez
was slight, nervous, perpetually wired on his own skill as a
console jockey; they were depending on him, along with
Jaylene Slide on the offshore rig, to monitor cyberspace
around the grid sector that held the heavily iced banks of
Maas Biolabs, if Maas became aware of them, at the last
moment, he might be able to provide some warning. He was
also charged with relaying the medical data from the surgery
to the offshore rig, a complex procedure if they were to keep
it from Maas. The line out ran to a phone booth in the middle
of nowhere Once past that booth, he and Jaylene were on
their own in the matrix. If they blew it, Maas could backtrack
and pinpoint the site. And then there was Nathan. the repair-
man, whose real job consisted of watching over the gear in
the bunker. If some part of their system went down, there was
at least a chance he could fix it. Nathan belonged to the
species that had produced Oakey and a thousand others Turner
had worked with over the years, maverick techs who liked
earning danger money and had proven they could keep their
mouths shut The othersCompton, Teddy, Costa, and Davis
were Just expensive muscle, mercs, the sort of men you hired
for a job like this. For their benefit, he'd taken particular 
care
in questioning Sutcliffe about the arrangements for clear-out.
He'd explained where the copters would come in, the order of
pickup, and precisely how and when they would be paid.
	Then he'd told them to leave him alone in the bunker, and
ordered Webber to wake him in three hours.
	The place had been either a pump house or some sort of
nexus for electrical wiring. The stumps of plastic tubing that
protruded from the walls might have been conduit or sewage
line, the room provided no evidence that any of them had ever
been connected to anything. The ceiling, a single slab of
poured concrete, was too low to allow him to stand, and there
was a dry, dusty smell that wasn't entirely unpleasant The
team had swept the place before they brought in the tables
and the equipment, but there were still a few yellow flakes of
newsprint on the floor, that crumbled when he touched them.
He made out letters, sometimes an entire word.
	Each of the folding metal camp tables had been set up
along a wall, forming an L, each arm supporting an array of
extraordinarily sophisticated communications gear. The best,
he thought, that Hosaka had been able to obtain
	He hunched his way carefully along the length of each
table, tapping each console, each black box, lightly as he
went There was a heavily modified military side-band trans-
ceiver rigged for squirt transmission. This would be their link
in case Ramirez and Jaylene flubbed the data transfer. The
squirts were prerecorded, elaborate technical fictions encoded
by Hosaka's cryptographers. The content of a given squirt
was meaningless, but the sequence in which they were broad-
cast would convey simple messages. Sequence B/C/A would
inform Hosaka of Mitchell's ariival; F/D would indicate his
departure from the site, while F/G would signal his death and
the concurrent closure of the operation. Turner tapped the
side-band rig again, frowning He wasn't pleased with
Sutcliffe's arrangements there. If the extraction was blown, it
wasn't likely they'd get out, let alone get out clean, and
Webber had quietly informed him that, in the event of trou-
ble, she'd been ordered to use a hand-held antitank rocket on
the medicals in their miniature surgery. They know," she
said. "You can bet they're getting paid for it, too." The rest
of them were depending on the helicopters, which were based
near Tucson. Turner assumed that Maas, if alerted, would
easily take them out as they came in. When he'd objected to
Sutcliffe, the Australian had only shrugged: "It isn't the way
I'd set it up under the best circumstances, mate. but we're all
in here on short notice, aren't we?"
	Beside the transceiver was an elaborate Sony biomonitor,
linked directly with the surgical pod and charged with the
medical history recorded in Mitchell's biosoft dossier. The
medicals, when the time came, would access the defector's
history; simultaneously, the procedures they carried out in the
pod would be fed back to the Sony and collated, ready for
Ramirez to ice them and shift them out into cyberspace,
where Jaylene Slide would be riding shotgun from her seat in
the oil rig. If it all went smoothly, the medical update would
be waiting in Hosaka's Mexico City compound when Turner
brought him in in the jet. Turner had never seen anything
quite like the Sony, but he supposed the Dutchman would
have had something very similar in his Singapore clinic The
thought brought his hand to his bare chest, where he uncon-
sciously traced the vanished line of a graft scar.
	The second table supported the cyberspace gear. The deck
was identical with the one he'd seen on the oil rig, a Maas-
Neotek prototype. The deck configuration was standard, but
Conroy had said that it was built up from the new biochips.
There was a fist-sized lump of pale pink plastique squashed
on top of the console; someone, perhaps Ramirez, had thumbed
in twin depressions for eyes and a crude curve of idiot grin.
Two wires, one blue, the other yellow, ran from the thing's
pink forehead to one of the black, gaping tubes that protruded
from the wall behind the console. Another of Webber's chores.
if there seemed any danger of the site being overrun. Turner
eyed the wires, frowning; a charge that size, in that small,
enclosed space. guaranteed death for anyone in the bunker.
	His shoulders aching, the back of his head brushing the
rough concrete of the ceiling, he continued his inspection
The rest of the table was taken up with the deck's peripherals,
a series of black boxes positioned with obsessive precision.
He suspected that each unit was a certain specific distance
from its neighbor, and they were perfectly aligned. Ramirez
himself would have set them out, and Turner was certain that
if he touched one, moved it the least fraction, the jockey
would know. He'd seen that same neurotic touch before, in
other console men, and it told him nothing about Ramirez.
He'd watched other jockeys who reversed the trait, deliber-
ately tangling their gear in a rat's nest of leads and cables,
who were temfied of tidiness and plastered their consoles
with decals of dice and screaming skulls There was no way
to tell, he thought; either Ramirez was good, or else they all
might be dead soon.

	At the far end of the table were five Telefunken ear-bead
transceivers with adhesive throat mikes, still sealed in 
individ-
ual bubble packs. During the crucial phase of the defection,
which Turner took to be the twenty minutes on either side of
Mitchell's amval, he, Ramirez, Sutcliffe, Webber, and Lynch
would be linked, although the use of the transceivers was to
be kept to an absolute minimum
	Behind the Telefunkens was an unmarked plastic carton
that contained twenty Swedish catalytic handwarmers, smooth
flat oblongs of stainless steel, each in its own drawstring bag
of Christmas-red flannelette. `You're a clever bastard," he
said to the carton. "I might have thought that one up my-
self

	He slept on a corrugated foam hiker's pad on the floor of
the command post, using the parka as a blanket. Conroy had
been nght about the desert night, but the concrete seemed to
hold the day's heat He left his fatigues and shoes on; Webber
had advised him to shake his shoes and clothing out whenever
he dressed. "Scorpions," she'd say, "they like sweat, any
kind of moisture " He removed the Smith & Wesson from
the nylon holster before he lay down, carefully positioning it
beside the foam pad. He left the two battery lanterns on, and
closed his eyes.
	And slid into a shallow sea of dream, images tossing past,
fragments of Mitchell's dossier melding with bits of his own
life. He and Mitchell drove a bus through a cascade of plate
glass, into the lobby of a Marrakech hotel. The scientist
whooped as he pressed the button that detonated the two
dozen canisters of CN taped along the flanks of the vehicle,
and Oakey was there, too, offenng him whiskey from a
bottle, and yellow Peruvian cocaine on a round, plastic-
rimmed mirror he'd last seen in Allison's purse. He thought
he saw Allison somewhere beyond the windows of the bus,
choking in the clouds of gas, and he tried to tell Oakey, tried
to point her out, but the glass was plastered with Mexican
holograms of saints, postcards of the Virgin, and Oakey was
holding up something smooth and round, a globe of pink
crystal, and he saw a spider crouched at its core, a spider
made of quicksilver, but Mitchell was laughing, his teeth full
of blood, and extending his open palm to offer Turner the
gray biosoft. Turner saw that the dossier was a brain, grayish
pink and alive beneath a wet clear membrane, pulsing softly
in Mitchell's hand, and then he tumbled over some submarine
ledge of dream and settled smoothly down into a night with
no stars at all.

	Webber woke him, her hard features framed in the square
doorway, her shoulders draped in the heavy military blanket
taped across the entrance. "Got your three hours The medi-
cals are up, if you want to talk to `em." She withdrew, her
boots crunching gravel.
	Hosaka's medics were waiting beside the self-contained
neurosurgery. Under a desert dawn they looked as though
they'd just stepped from some kind of matter transmitter in
their fashionably rumpled Ginza casuals. One of the men was
bundled in an oversized Mexican handknit, the sort of belted
cardigan Turner had seen tourists wear in Mexico City. The
other two wore expensive-looking insulated ski jackets against
the desert cold. The men were a head shorter than the Ko-
rean, a slender woman with strong, archaic features and a
birdlike ruff of red-tinged hair that made Turner think of
raptors. Conroy had said that the two were company men,
and Turner could see it easily; only the woman had the
attitude. the stance that belonged to Turner's world, and she
was an outlaw, a black medic She'd be right at home with
the Dutchman, he thought.
	"I'm Turner," he said. "I'm in charge here."
	"You don't need our names," the woman said as the two
Hosaka men bowed automatically. They exchanged glances,
looked at Turner, then looked back to the Korean
	"No," Turner said, "it isn't necessary."
	"Why are we still denied access to the patient's medical
data?" the Korean aked.
	"Security," Turner said, the answer very nearly an auto-
matic response. In fact, he could see no reason to prevent
them from studying Mitchell's records.
	The woman shrugged, turned away, her face hidden by the
upturned collar of her insulated jacket.
	"Would you like to inspect the surgery?" the man in the
bulky cardigan asked, his face polite and alert, a perfect
corporate mask.
	"No," Turner said. "We'll be moving you out to the lot
twenty minutes prior to his arrival. We'll take the wheels off,
level you with jacks. The sewage link will be disconnected. I
want you fully operational five minutes after we set you
down."
	"There will be no problem," the other man said, smiling.
	"Now I want you to tell me what you're going to be doing
in there, what you'll do to him and how it might affect him."
	"You don't know?" the woman asked, sharply, turning
back to face him.
	"I said that I wanted you to tell me," Turner said.
	"We'll conduct an immediate scan for lethal implants,"
the man in the cardigan said.
	"Cortex charges, that sort of thing?"
	"I doubt," said the other man, . `that we will encounter
anything so crude, but yes, we will be scanning for the full
range of lethal devices. Simultaneously, we'll run a full blood
screen. We understand that his current employers deal in
extremely sophisticated biochemical systems. It would seem
possible that the greatest danger would lie in that direc-
tion
	"It's currently quite fashionable to equip top employees
with modified insulin-pump subdermals," his partner broke
in. `The subject's system can be tricked into an artificial
reliance on certain synthetic enzyme analogs. Unless the sub-
dermal is recharged at regular intervals, withdrawal from the
sourcethe employercan result in trauma."
	"We are prepared to deal with that as well," said the
other.
	"Neither of you are even remotely prepared to deal with
what I suspect we will encounter," the black medic said, her
voice as cold as the wind that blew out of the east now.
Turner heard sand hissing across the rusted sheet of steel
above them.
	"You," Turner said to her, "come with me." Then he
turned, without looking back, and walked away. It was possi-
ble that she might not obey his command, in which case he'd
lose face with the other two, but it seemed the right move.
When he was ten meters from the surgery pod, he halted. He
heard her feet on the gravel.
	"What do you know?" he asked without turning.
"Perhaps no more than you do," she said, "perhaps more.
"More than your colleagues, obviously."
	"They are extremely talented men. They are also .
servants."
	"And you are not."
	"Neither are you, mercenary. I was hired out of the finest
unlicensed clinic in Chiba for this I was given a great deal of
material to study in preparation for my meeting with this
	illustrious patient. The black clinics of Chiba are the cutting
edge of medicine: not even Hosaka could know that my
	position in black medicine would allow me to guess what it is
that your defector carries in his head. The street tries to find
its own uses for things, Mr. Turner Already, several times,
I've been hired to attempt the removal of these new implants.
A certain amount of advanced Maas biocircuitry has found its
way into the market. These attempts at implanting are a
logical step. I suspect Maas may leak these things deliberately
	"Then explain it to me
	"I don't think I could," she said, and there was a strange
hint of resignation in her voice. "I told you, I've seen it. I
didn't say that I understood it." Fingertips suddenly brushed
the skin beside his skull jack "This, compared with biochip
implants, is like a wooden staff beside a myoelectric limb."
	"But will it be life-threatening, in his case?"
	"Oh, no," she said, withdrawing her hand, "not for him
 And then he heard her trudging back toward the sur-
gery

	Conroy sent a runner in with the software package that
would allow Turner to pilot the jet that would carry Mitchell
to Hosaka's Mexico City compound. The runner was a wild-
eyed, sun-blackened man Lynch called Hariy, a rope-muscled
apparition who came cycling in from the direction of Tucson
on a sand-scoured bike with balding lug tires and bone-yellow
rawhide laced around its handlebars. Lynch led Harry across
the parking lot. Harry was singing to himself, a strange sound
in the enforced quiet of the site, and his song, if you could
call it that, was like someone randomly tuning a broken radio
up and down midnight miles of dial, bringing in gospel shouts
and snatches of twenty years of international pop. Harry had
his bike slung across one burnt, bird-thin shoulder
	"Hariy's got something for you from Tucson," Lynch
said.
	"You two know each other?" Turner asked, looking at
Lynch "Maybe have a friend in common?"
	"What's that supposed to mean?" Lynch asked.
Turner held his stare. "You know his name."
"He told me his fucking name, Turner."

	"Name's Harry," the burnt man said. He tossed the bicy-
cle down on a clump of brush. He smiled vacantly, exposing
badly spaced, eroded teeth. His bare chest was filmed with
sweat and dust, and hung with loops of fine steel chain,
rawhide, bits of animal horn and fur, brass cartridge casings,
copper coins worn smooth and faceless with use, and a small
pouch made of soft brown leather.
	Turner looked at the assortment of things strung across the
skinny chest and reached out, flipping a crooked bit of bent
gristle suspended from a length of braided string. "What the
hell is that, Harry?"
	"That's a coon's pecker," Harry said. "Coon's got him a
jointed bone in his pecker Not many as know that"
	"You ever meet my friend Lynch before, Hariy?"
	Harry blinked.
	"He had the passwords," Lynch said. "There's an ur-
gency hierarchy. He knew the top. He told me his name. Do
you need me here, or can I get back to work?"
"Go," Turner said.
	When Lynch was out of earshot, Harry began to work at
the thongs that sealed the leather pouch. "You shouldn't be
harsh with the boy," he said. "He's really very good. I
actually didn't see him until he had that fletcher up against
my neck." He opened the pouch and fished delicately inside.
"Tell Conroy I've got him pegged."
"Sorry," Harry said, extracting a folded sheet of yellow
notebook paper from his pouch. "You've got who pegged?"
He handed it to Turner; there was something inside.
	"Lynch. He's Conroy's bumboy on the site. Tell him." He
unfolded the paper and removed the fat military microsoft.
There was a note in blue capitals: BREAK A LEG, ASSHOLE SEE
YOU IN THE DF

	"Do you really want me to tell him that?"
"Tell him."
	"You're the boss."
	"You fucking know it," Turner said, crumpling the paper
and thrusting it into Harry's left armpit. Harry smiled, sweetly
and vacantly, and the intelligence that had risen in him settled
again, like some aquatic beast sinking effortlessly down into a
smooth sea of sun-addled vapidity. Turner stared into his
eyes. cracked yellow opal, and saw nothing there but sun and
the broken highway. A hand with missing joints came up to
scratch absently at a week's growth of beard. "Now," Turner
said. Harry turned, pulled his bike up from the tangle of
brush, shouldered it with a grunt, and began to make his way
back across the ruined parking lot. His oversized, tattered
khaki shorts flapped as he went, and his collection of chains
rattled softly.
	Sutcliffe whistled from a rise twenty meters away, held up
a roll of orange surveyor's tape. It was time to start laying 
out
Mitchell's landing strip. They'd have to work quickly, before
the sun was too high, and still it was going to be hot.
 "So," Webber said, "he's coming in by air." She spat
brown juice on a yellowed cactus. Her cheek was packed with
Copenhagen snuff
"You got it," Turner said. He sat beside her on a ledge of
buff shale. They were watching Lynch and Nathan clear the
strip he and Sutcliffe had laid out with the orange tape The
tape marked out a rectangle fodr meters wide and twenty
long Lynch carried a length of rusted I-beam to the tape and
heaved it over. Something scurried away through the brush as
the beam rang on concrete.
~`They can see that tape, if they want to," Webber said,
wiping her lips with the back of her hand. "Read the head-
lines on your morning fax, if they want to."
  "I know," Turner said, "but if they don't know we're
here already, I don't think they're going to. And you couldn't
see it from the highway." He adjusted the black nylon cap
Ramirez had given him, pulling the long bill down until it
touched his sunglasses. "Anyway, we're just moving the
heavy stuff, the things that could tear a leg off. It isn't 
going	to look like anything, not from orbit."
	 "No," Webber agreed, her seamed face impassive beneath
her sunglasses He could smell her sweat from where she sat,
sharp and animal.
	"What the hell do you do, Webber, when you aren't doing
this?" He looked at her.
	`Probably a hell of a lot more than you do," she said.
"Part of the time I breed dogs." She took a knife from her
boot and began to strop it patiently on her sole, flipping it
smoothly with each stroke, like a Mexican barber sharpening
a razor. "And I fish. Trout."
	"You have people, in New Mexico?"
	"Probably more than you've got," she said flatly. "I
figure the ones like you and Sutcliffe, you aren't from any
place at all. This is where you live, isn't it, Turner? On the
site, today, the day your boy comes out. Right?" She tested
the blade against the ball of her thumb, then slid it back into
its sheath.
"But you have people? You got a man to go back to?"
	"A woman, you want to know," she said. "Know any-
thing about breeding dogs?"
	"No," he said
	"I didn't think so." She squinted at him. "We got a kid,
too. Ours. She carried it."
"DNA splice?"
She nodded.
	"That's expensive," he said.
	"You know it; wouldn't be here if we didn't need to pay it
off. But she's beautiful."
	"Your woman?"
"Our kid."

As SHE WALKED FROM the Louvre, she seemed to sense some
articulated structure shifting to accommodate her course through
the city. The waiter would be merely a part of the thing, one
limb, a delicate probe or palp. The whole would be larger,
much larger. How could she have imagined that it would be
possible to live, to move, in the unnatural field of Virek's
wealth without suffering distortion? Virek had taken her up.
in all her misery, and had rotated her through the monstrous,
invisible stresses of his money, and she had been changed. Of
course, she thought, of course: It moves around me con-
stantly, watchful and invisible, the vast and subtle mechanism
of Herr Virek's surveillance.
	Eventually she found herself on the pavement below the
terrace of the Blanc. It seemed as good a place as any. A
month before, she would have avoided it; she'd spent too
many evenings with Alain there. Now, feeling that she had
been freed, she decided to begin the process of rediscovering
her own Paris by choosing a table at the Blanc She took one
near a side screen. She asked a waiter for a cognac, and
shivered, watching the Paris traffic flow past, perpetual river
of steel and glass, while all around her, at other tables,
strangers ate and smiled, drank and argued, said bitter good-
byes or swore private fealties to an afternoon's feeling.
	Butshe smiledshe was a part of it all. Something in her
was waking from a long and stifled sleep, brought back into
the light in the instant she'd fully opened her eyes to Alain's
viciousness and her own desperate need to continue loving
him. But that need was fading, even as she sat here. The
shabbiness of his lies, somehow, had broken the chains of her
depression. She could see no logic to it, because she had
known, in some part of herself, and long before the business
wih Gnass, exactly what it was that Alain did in the world,
and that had made no difference to her love. In the face of
this new feeling, however, she would forgo logic. It was
enough, to be here, alive, at a table in the Blanc, and to
imagine all around her the intricate machine that she now
knew Virek had deployed.
	Ironies, she thought, seeing the young waiter from Napo-
leon Court step up onto the terrace. He wore the dark trousers
he had worked in, but the apron had been replaced with a
blue windbreaker. Dark hair fell across his forehead in a
smooth wing. He came toward her, smiling, confident, know-
ing that she wouldn't run. There was something in her then
that wanted very badly to run, but she knew that she wouldn't.
Irony, she told herself: As I luxuriate in the discovery that I
am no special sponge for sorrow, but merely another fallible
animal in this stone maze of a city, I come simultaneously to
see that I am the focus of some vast device fueled by an
obscure desire.
	"My name is Paco," he said, pulling out the white-painted
iron chair opposite her own
	"You were the child, the boy, in the park .
	"A long time ago, yes." He sat. "Sefior has preserved the
image of my childhood."
	"I have been thinking, about your Sefior." She didn't look
at him, but at the passing cars, cooling her eyes in the flow of
traffic, the colors of polycarbon and painted steel. "A man
like Virek is incapable of divesting himself of his wealth. His
money has a life of its own. Perhaps a will of its own. He
implied as much when we met."
	"You are a philosopher."
	"I'm a tool, Paco. I'm the most recent tip for a very old
machine in the hands of a very old man, who wishes to pene-
trate something and has so far f~led to do so. Your em-
ployer fumbles through a thousand tools and somehow chooses
me .
	"You are a poet as well!"
	She laughed, taking her eyes from the traffic; he was
grinning, his mouth bracketed in deep vertical grooves. "While
I walked here, I imagined a structure, a machine so large that
I am incapable of seeing it. A machine that surrounds me,
anticipating my every step."
	"And you are an egotist as well?"
"Am I?"
	"Perhaps not. Certainly, you are observed. We watch, and
it is well that we do. Your friend in the brasserie, we watch
him as well. Unfortunately, we've been unable to determine
where he obtained the hologram he showed you. Very likely,
he already had it when he began to phone your friend's
number Someone got to him, do you understand? Someone
has put him in your way. Don't you think that this is most
intriguing? Doesn't it pique the philosopher in you?"
"Yes, I suppose it does I took the advice you gave me, in
the brasserie, and agreed to his price.
"Then he will double it." Paco smiled.
	"Which is of no importance to me, as you pointed out. He
has agreed to contact me tomorrowi I assume that you can
arrange the delivery of the money. He asked for cash
	"Cash"he rolled his eyes"how risqmi! But, yes, I
can. And I know the details as well. We were monitoring the
conversation. Not difficult, as he was helpful enough to
broadcast it himself, from a bead microphone. We were
anxious to learn who that broadcast was intended for, but we
doubt he knows that himself."
	"It was unlike him," she said, frowning, "to excuse him-
self, to break off that way, before he had made his demands.
He fancies he has a flair for the dramatic moment
	"He had no choice," Paco said "We engineered what he
took to be a failure of the bead's power source It required a
trip to the hommes. then. He said very nasty things about
you, alone in the cubicle."
	She gestured to her empty glass as a waiter passed. "I still
find it difficult to see my part in this, my value. To Virek, I
mean."
	"Don't ask me. You are the philosopher, here. I merely
execute Sefior's orders, to the best of my ability."
	"Would you like a brandy, Paco? Or perhaps some coffee?"
	"The French," he said, with great conviction, "know
nothing about coffee."

"MAYBE YOU CAN RUN that one by me again," Bobby said,
around a mouthful of rice and eggs "I thought you already
said it's not a religion."
	Beauvoir removed his eyeglass frames and sighted down
one of the earpieces. "That wasn't what I said. I said you
didn't have to worry about it, is all, whether it's a religion 
or
not It's Just a structure. Lets you an' me discuss some things
that are happening, otherwise we might not have words for it,
concepts"
	"But you talk like these, whatchacallem, lows, are"
	"Loa," Beauvoir corrected, tossing his glasses down on
the table He sighed, dug one of the Chinese cigarettes from
Two-a-Day's pack, and lit it with the pewter skull. "Plural's
same as the singular." He inhaled deeply, blew out twin
streams of smoke through arched nostrils. "You think reli-
gion, what are you thinking about, exactly?"
	"Well, my mother's sister, she's a Scientologist, real ortho-
dox, you know? And there's this woman across the hall, she's
Catholic. My old lady' `he paused, the food gone tasteless
in his mouth-' `she'd put these holograms up in my room
sometimes, Jesus or Hubbard or some shit. I guess I think
about that."
	"Vodou isn't like that," Beauvoir said. "It isn't concerned
with notions of salvation and transcendence. What it's about
is getting things done. You follow me? In our system, there
are many gods. spirits Part of one big family, with all the
virtues, all the vices. There's a ritual tradition of communal
manifestation, understand? Vodou says, there's God, sure,
Gran Met, but He's big, too big and too far away to worry
Himself if your ass is poor, or you can't get laid. Come on,
man, you know how this works, it's street religion, came out
of a dirt-poor place a million years ago. Vodou's like the
street. Some duster chops out your sister, you don't go camp
on the Yakuza's doorstep, do you? No way. You go to
somebody, though, who can get the thing done. Right?"
Bobby nodded, chewing thoughtfully. Another derm and
two glasses of the red wine had helped a lot, and the big man
had taken Two-a-Day for a walk through the trees and the
fluorescent jackstraws, leaving Bobby with Beauvoir. Then
Jackie had shown up all cheerful, with a big bowl of this
eggs-and-rice stuff, which wasn't bad at all, and as she'd put
it down on the table in front of him, she'd pressed one of her
tits against his shoulder.
  "So," Beauvoir said, "we are' concerned with getting
things done. If you want, we're concerned with systems. And
so are you, or at least you want to be, or else you wouldn't be
a cowboy and you wouldn't have a handle, right?" He dunked
what was left of the cigarette in a fingerprinted glass half 
full of red wine. "Looks like Two-a-Day was about to get down
to serious partying, about the time the shit hit the fan
  "What shit's that?" Bobby asked, wiping his mouth with
the back of his hand.
  "You," Beauvoir said, frowning. "Not that any of it is
your fault. As much as Two-a-Day wants to make out that's
the case."
  "He does? He seems pretty tense now Real bitchy, too."

  "Exactly. You got it Tense Scared shitless is more like
it.''
  "So how come?"
  "Well, you see, things aren't exactly what they seem, with
Two-a-Day. I mean, yeah, he actually does the kind of shit
you've known him to. hustles hot software to the caspers,
pardon me' `he grinned-' `down in Barrytown, but his main
shot, I mean the man's real ambitions, you understand, lie
elsewhere." Beauvoir picked up a wilted canapd, regarded it
with evident suspicion, and flicked it over the table, into the
trees. "His thing, you understand, is dicking around for a
couple of bigtime Sprawl oungans."
	Bobby nodded blankly.
"Dudes who serve with both hands"
	
	`You lost me there."
	"We're talking a professional priesthood here, you want to
call it that. Otherwise, just imagine a couple of major dudes
console cowboys, among other thingswho make it their
business to get things done for people. `To serve with both
hands' is an expression we have, sort of means they work
both ends. White and black, got me?"
	
Bobby swallowed, then shook his head
	"Sorcerers," Beauvoir said "Never mind. Bad dudes, big
money, that's all you need to know Two-a-Day, he acts like
an up-line joeboy for these people. Sometimes he finds some-
thing they might be interested in, he downloads it on `em,
collects a few favors later. Maybe he collects a dozen too
many favors, they download something on him. Not quite the
same proposition, you follow me? Say they get something
they think has potential, but it scares them. These characters
tend to a certain conservatism, you see? No? Well, you'll
learn
	Bobby nodded.
	"The kind of software someone like you would rent from
Two-a-Day, that's nothin'. I mean, it'll work, but it's nothing
anybody heavy would ever bother with. You've seen a lot of
cowboy kinos, right? Well, the stuff they make up for those
things isn't much, compared with the kind of shit a real heavy
operator can front. Particularly when it comes to icebreakers
Heavy icebreakers are kind of funny to deal in, even for the
big boys You know why? Because ice, all the really hard
stuff, the walls around every major store of data in the
matrix, is always the produce of an Al, an ariificial intelli-
gence Nothing else is fast enough to weave good ice and
constantly alter and upgrade it So when a really powerful
icebreaker shows up on the black market, there are already a
couple of very dicey factors in play. Like, for starts, where
did the product come from? Nine times out of ten, it came
from an Al, and Al's are constantly screened, mainly by the
Turing people, to make sure they don't get too smart. So
maybe you'll get the Turing machine after your ass, because
maybe an Al somewhere wants to augment its private cash
flow Some Al's have citizenship, right? Another thing you
have to watch out for, maybe it's a military icebreaker, and
that's bad heat, too, or maybe it's taken a walk out of some
zaibatsu's industrial espionage arm, and you don't want that
either You takin' this shit in, Bobby?"
	Bobby nodded. He felt like he'd been waiting all his life to
hear Beauvoir explain the workings of a world whose exis-
tence he'd only guessed at before.
	"Still, an icebreaker that'll really cut is worth mega, I
mean beaucoup. So maybe you're Mr. Big in the market,
someone offers you this thing, and you don't want to just
tell `em to take a walk So you buy it. You buy it, real quiet,
but you don't slot it, no. What do you do with it? You take it
home, have your tech fix it up so that it looks real average
Like you have it set up in a format like this' `and he tapped
a stack of software in front of him' `and you take it to your
joeboy, who owes you some favors, as usual.
	"Wait a sec," Bobby said. "I don't think I like"
	"Good. That means you're getting smart, or anyway smarter.
Because that's what they did. They brought it out here to your
friendly `wareman, Mr. Two-a-Day, and they told him their
problem. `Ace,' they say, `we want to check this shit out,
test-drive it, but no way we gonna do it ourselves It's down
to you, boy.' So, in the way of things, what's Two-a-Day
gonna do with it? Is he gonna slot it? No way at all. He just
does the same damn thing the big boys did to him, `cept he
isn't even going to bother telling the guy he's going to do it
to. What he does, he picks a base out in the Midwest that's
full of tax-dodge programs and yen-laundry flowcharts for
some whorehouse in Kansas City, and everybody who didn't
just fall off a tree knows that the motherfucker is eyeball-deep
in ice, black ice, totally lethal feedback programs There isn't
a cowboy in the Sprawl or out who'd mess with that base.
first, because it's dripping with defenses; second, because the
stuff inside isn't worth anything to anybody but the IRS, and
they're probably already on the owner's take
	"Hey," Bobby said, "lemme get this straight"
	"I'm giving it to you straight, white boy! He picked out
that base, then he ran down his list of hotdoggers, ambitious
punks from over in Barrytown, wilsons dumb enough to run a
program they'd never seen before against a base that some
joker like Two-a-Day fingered for them and told them was an
easy make. And who's he pick? He picks somebody new to
the game, natch, somebody who doesn't even know where he
lives, doesn't even have his number, and he says, here, my
man, you take this home and make yourself some money.
You get anything good, Ill fence it for you!" Beauvoir's
eyes were wide, he wasn't smiling. "Sound like anybody you
know, man, or maybe you try not to hang out with losers?"
	"You mean he knew I was going to get killed if I plugged
into that base?"
	"No, Bobby, but he knew it was a possibility if the
package didn't work. What he mainly wanted was to watch
you try. Which he didn't bother to do himself, just put a
couple of cowboys on it. It could've gone a couple different
ways. Say, if that icebreaker had done its number on the
black ice, you'd have gotten in, found a bunch of figures that
meant dick to you, you'd have gotten back out, maybe with-
out leaving any trace at all. Well, you'd have come back to
Leon's and told Two-a-Day that he'd fingered the wrong
data. Oh, he'd have been real apologetic, for sure, and you'd
have gotten a new target and a new icebreaker, and he'd have
taken the first one back to the Sprawl and said it looked okay.
Meanwhile, he'd have an eye cocked in your direction, just to
monitor your health, make sure nobody came looking for the
icebreaker they might've heard you'd used. Another way it
might have gone, the way it nearly did go, something could've
been funny with the icebreaker, the ice could've fned you
dead, and one of those cowboys would've had to break into
your momma's place and get that software back before any-
body found your body."
	`I dunno, Beauvoir, that's pretty fucking hard to
	"Hard my ass. Life is hard. I mean, we're talkin' biz, you
know?" Beauvoir regarded him with some seventy, the plas-
tic frames far down his slender nose. He was lighter than
either Two-a-Day or the big man, the color of coffee with
only a little whitener, his forehead high and smooth beneath
close-cropped black fizz. He looked skinny, under his gray
sharkskin robe, and Bobby didn't really find him threatening
at all. "But our problem, the reason we're here, the reason
you're here, is to figure out what did happen. And that's
something else."
	"But you mean he set me up, Two-a-Day set me up so I'd
get my ass killed?" Bobby was still in the St Mary's Mater-
nity wheelchair, although he no longer felt like he needed it.
"And he's in deep shit with these guys, these heavies from
the Sprawl?"
	"You got it now."
	"And that's why he was acting that way, like he doesn't
give a shit, or maybe hates my guts, right? And he's real
scared?''
	Beauvoir nodded.
	"And," Bobby said, suddenly seeing what Two-a-Day was
really pissed about, and why he was scared, "it's because I
got my ass jumped, down by Big Playground, and those Lobe
fucks npped me for my deck! And their software, it was still
in my deck!" He leaned forward, excited at having put it
together. "And these guys, it's like they'll kill him or some-
thing, unless he gets it back for them, right?"
	"I can tell you watch a lot of kino," Beauvoir said, "but
that's about the size of it, definitely."
	"Right," Bobby said, settling back in the wheelchair and
putting his bare feet up on the edge of the table. "Well,
Beauvoir, who are these guys? Whatchacallem, hoonguns?
Sorcerers, you said? What the fuck's that supposed to mean?"
	"Well, Bobby," Beauvoir said~ "I'm one, and the big
fellayou can call him Lucashe's the other."

	"You've probably seen one of these before," Beauvoir
said, as the man he called Lucas put the projection tank down
on the table, having methodically cleared a space for it.
	`In school," Bobby said.
	"You go to school, man?" Two-a-Day snapped "Why the
fuck didn't you stay there?" He'd been chainsmoking since
he came back with Lucas, and seemed in worse shape than
he'd been in before
	"Shut up, Two-a-Day," Beauvoir said. "Little education
might do you some good.~'
	"They used one to teach us our way around in the matnx,
how to access stuff from the print library, like that
	"Well, then," Lucas said, straightening up and brushing
nonexistent dust from his big pink palms, "did you ever use
it for that, to access print books?" He'd removed his immac-
ulate black suit coat, his spotless white shirt was traversed by
a pair of slender maroon suspenders, and he'd loosened the
knot of his plain black tie.
	"I don't read too well," Bobby said. "I mean, I can, but
it's work. But yeah, I did I looked at some real old books on
the matnx and stuff"
	"I thought you had," Lucas said, jacking some kind of
small deck into the console that formed the base of the tank.
"Count Zero. Count zero interrupt. Old programmer talk
He passed the deck to Beauvoir, who began to tap commands
into it.
	Complex geometric forms began to click into place in the
tank, aligned with the nearly invisible planes of a three-dimen-
sional grid. Beauvoir was sketching in the cyberspace coordi-
nates for Barrytown, Bobby saw. "We'll call you this blue
pyramid, Bobby. There you are." A blue pyramid began to
pulse softly at the very center of the tank. "Now we'll show
you what Two-a-Day's cowboys saw, the ones who were
watching you. From now on, you're seeing a recording " An
interrupted line of blue light extruded from the pyramid,
following a grid line Bobby watched, seeing himself alone in
his mother's living room, the Ono-Sendai on his lap, the
curtains drawn, his fingers moving across the deck
	"Icebreaker on its way," Beauvoir said. The line of blue
dots reached the wall of the tank. Beauvoir tapped the deck,
and the coordinates changed. A new set of geometrics re-
placed the first arrangement Bobby recognized the cluster of
orange rectangles centered in the grid. "That's it," he said.
	The blue line progressed from the edge of the tank, headed
for the orange base. Faint planes of ghost-orange flickered
around the rectangles, shifting and strobing, as the line grew
closer.
	"You can see something's wrong right there." Lucas said.
"That's their ice, and it was already hip to you. Rumbled you
before you even got a lock."
	As the line of blue dots touched the shifting orange plane,
it was surrounded by a translucent orange tube of slightly
greater diameter The tube began to lengthen, traveling back,
along the line, until it reached the wall of the tank
	"Meanwhile," Beauvoir said, "back home in Barry-
town     He tapped the deck again and now Bobby's blue
pyramid was in the center. Bobby watched as the orange tube
emerged from the wall of the projection tank, still following
the blue line, and smoothly approached the pyramid. "Now
at this point, you were due to start doing some serious dying,
cowboy." The tube reached the pyramid; triangular orange
planes snapped up, walling it in. Beauvoir froze the projection.
	"Now," Lucas said, "when Two-a-Day's hired help, who
are all in all a pair of tough and experienced console jockeys,
when they saw what you are about to see, my man, they
decided that their deck was due for that big overhaul in the
sky. Being pros, they had a backup deck. When they brought
it on line, they saw the same thing. It was at that point that
they decided to phone their employer, Mr. Two-a-Day, who,
as we can see from this mess, was about to throw himself a
party..
	"Man," Two-a-Day said, his voice tight with hysteria, "I
told you. I had some clients up here needed entertaining. I
paid those boys to watch, they were watching, and they
phoned me. I phoned you. What the hell you want, anyway?"
	"Our property," Beauvoir said softly. "Now watch this,
real close. This motherfucker is what we call an anomalous
phenomenon, no shit      He tapped the deck again, start-
ing the recording.
	Liquid flowers of milky white blossomed from the floor of
the tank; Bobby, craning forward, saw that they seemed to
consist of thousands of tiny spheres or bubbles, and then they
aligned perfectly with the cubical grid and coalesced, forming
a top-heavy, asymmetrical structure,' a thing like a rectilinear
mushroom. The surfaces, facets, were white, perfectly blank.
The image in the tank was no longer than Bobby's open hand.
but to anyone jacked into a deck it would have been enor-
mous. The thing unfolded a pair of horns; these lengthened,
curved, became pincers that arced out to grasp the pyramid.
He saw the tips sink smoothly through the flickering orange
planes of the enemy ice.
	"She said, `What are you doing?' " he heard himself say.
"Then she asked me why they were doing that, doing it to
me, killing me .
	"Ah," Beauvoir said, quietly, "now we are getting some-
where."
 He didn't know where they were going, but he was glad to
be out of that chair. Beauvoir ducked to avoid a slanting
gro-light that dangled from twin lengths of curly-cord: Bobby
followed, almost slipping in a green-filmed puddle of water
Away from Two-a-Day's couch-clearing, the air seemed thicker.
There was a greenhouse smell of damp and growing things.
	"So that's how it was," Beauvoir said, "Two-a-Day sent
some friends round to Covina Concourse Courts, but you
were gone. Your deck was gone. too."
 "Well," Bobby said, "I don't see it's exactly his fault,
then. I mean, if I hadn't split for Leon'sand I was lookin'
for Two-a-Day. even bookin' to try to get up herethen he'd
have found me, right?" Beauvoir paused to admire a leafy
stand of flowering hemp, extending a thin brown forefinger to
lightly brush the pale, colorless flowers.
	"True," he said, "but this is a business matter. He should
have detailed someone to watch your place for the duration of
the run, to ensure that neither you nor the software took any
unscheduled walks."
	"Well, he sent Rhea `n' Jackie over to Leon's, because I
saw `em there." Bobby reached into the neck of his black
pajamas and scratched at the sealed wound that crossed his
chest and stomach. Then he remembered the centipede thing
Pye had used as a suture, and quickly withdrew his hand. It
itched, a straight line of itch, but he didn't want to touch it.
	"No, Jackie and Rhea are ours. Jackie is a mambo, a
priestess, the horse of Danbala." Beauvoir continued on his
way, picking out what Bobby presumed was some existing
track or path through the jumbled forest of hydroponics,
although it seemed to progress in no particular direction.
Some of the larger shrubs were rooted in bulbous green
plastic trash bags filled with dark humus. Many of these had
burst, and pale roots sought fresh nourishment in the shadows
between the gro-lights, where time and the gradual fall of
leaves conspired to produce a thin compost. Bobby wore a
pair of black nylon thongs Jackie had found for him, but there
was already damp earth between his toes. "A horse?" he
asked Beauvoir, dodging past a prickly-looking thing that
suggested an inside-out palm tree.
	"Danbala rides her, Danbala Wedo, the snake. Other times,
she is the horse of Aida Wedo, his wife."
	Bobby decided not to pursue it. He tried to change the
subject: "How come Two-a-Day's got such a motherhuge
place? What are all these trees `n' things for?" He knew that
Jackie and Rhea had wheeled him through a doorway, in the
St. Mary's chair, but he hadn't seen a wall since. He also
knew that the arcology covered x number of hectares, so that
it was possible that Two-a-Day's place was very large indeed,
but it hardly seemed likely that a `wareman, even a very
sharp one, could afford this much space. Nobody could afford
this much space, and why would anybody want to live in a
leaky hydroponic forest?
	The last derm was wearing off, and his back and chest
were beginning to burn and ache.
	"Ficus trees, mapou trees . . . This whole level of the
Projects is a lieu saint, holy place." Beauvoir tapped Bobby
on the shoulder and pointed out twisted, bicolored strings
dangling from the limbs of a nearby tree. "The trees are
consecrated to different ba. That one is for Ougou, Ougou
Feray, god of war. There's a lot of other things grown up
here, herbs the leaf-doctors need, and some just for fun. But

this isn't Two-a-Day's place, this is communal
	"You mean the whole Project's into this? All like voodoo
and stuff?" It was worse than Marsha's darkest fantasies.
	"No, man," and Beauvoir laughed. "There's a mosque up
top, and a couple or ten thousand holyroller Baptists scattered
around, some Church o' Sci. . .. All the usual stuff. Still' 
`he
grinned-' `we are the ones with the tradition of getting shit
done. . . . But how this got started, this level, that goes way
back. The people who designed these places, maybe eighty, a
hundred years ago, they had the idea they'd make `em as
self-sufficient as possible Make `em grow food Make `em
heat themselves, generate power, whatever Now this one,
you drill far enough down, is sitting on top of a lot of
geothermal water. It's real hot down there, but not hot enough
to run an engine, so it wasn't gonna give em any power

They made a stab at power, up on the roof, with about a
hundred Darrieus rotors, what they call eggbeaters Had them-
selves a wind farm, see? Today they get most of their watts
off the Fission Authority, like anybody else. But that geother-
mal water, they pump that up to a heat exchanger. It's too
salty to drink, so in the exchanger it Just heats up your
standard Jersey tap water, which a lot of people figure isn't
worth drinking anyway.
	Finally, they were approaching a wall of some kind. Bobby
looked back. Shallow pools on the muddy concrete floor
caught and reflected the limbs of the dwarf trees, the bare
pale roots straggling down into makeshift tanks of hydroponic
fluid.
	"Then they pump that into shrimp tanks, and grow a lot of
shrimp. Shrimp grow real fast in warm water. Then they
pump it through pipes in the concrete, up here, to keep this
place warm. That's what this level was for, to grow `ponic
amaranth, lettuce, things like that. Then they pump it out into
the catfish tanks, and algae eat the shrimp shit. Catfish eat 
the
algae, and it all goes around again. Or anyway, that was the
idea. Chances are they didn't figure anybody'd go up on the
roof and kick those Darrieus rotors over to make room for a
mosque, and they didn't figure a lot of other changes either
So we wound up with this space. But you can still get you
some damned good shrimp in the Projects. . . . Catfish, too"
	They had arrived at the wall. It was made of glass, beaded
heavily with condensation. A few centimeters beyond it was
another wall, that one made of what looked like rusty sheet
steel. Beauvoir fished a key of some kind from a pocket in his
sharkskin robe and slid it into an opening in a bare alloy beam
dividing two expanses of window. Somewhere nearby, an
engine whined into life; the broad steel shutter rotated up and
out, moving jerkily, to reveal a view that Bobby had often
imagined.
	They must be near the top, high up in the Projects, because
Big Playground was something he could cover with two
hands. The condos of Barrytown looked like some gray-white
fungus, spreading to the horizon. It was nearly dark, and he
could make out a pink glow, beyond the last range of condo
racks.
	"That's the Sprawl, over there, isn't it? That pink."
	"That's right, but the closer you get, the less pretty it
looks. How'd you like to go there, Bobby? Count Zero ready
to make the Sprawl?"
	"Oh, yeah," Bobby said, his palms against the sweating
glass, "you got no idea...." The derm had worn off
entirely now, and his back and chest hurt like hell.

As ThE NIGHT came on, Turner found the edge again.
	It seemed like a long time since he'd been there, but when
it clicked in, it was like he'd never left. It was that super-
human synchromesh flow that stimulants only approximated.
He could only score for it on the site of a major defection,
one where he was in command, and then only in the final
hours before the actual move.
	But it had been a long time; in New Delhi, he'd only been
checking out possible escape routes for an executive who
wasn't entirely certain that relocation was what he wanted. If
he had been working the edge, that night in Chandni Chauk,
maybe he'd have been able to dodge the thing. Probably not,
but the edge would've told him to try.
	Now the edge let him collate the factors he had to deal with
at the site, balancing clusters of small problems against sin-
gle, larger ones. So far there were a lot of little ones, but no
real ballbreakers. Lynch and Webber were starting to get in
each other's hair, so he arranged to keep them apart. His
conviction that Lynch was Conroy's plant, instinctive from
the beginning, was stronger now. Instincts sharpened, on the
edge; things got witchy. Nathan was having trouble with the
lowtech Swedish hand warmers; anything short of an elec-
tronic circuit baffled him. Turner put Lynch to work on the
hand warmers, fueling and priming them, and let Nathan
carry them out, two at a time, and bury them shallowly, at
meter intervals, along the two long lines of orange tape.
	The microsoft Conroy had sent filled his head with its own
universe of constantly shifting factors: airspeed, altitude, at-
titude, angle of attack, g-forces, headings. The plane's weapon
delivery information was a constant subliminal litany of target
designators, bomb fall lines, search circles, range and release
cues, weapons counts. Conroy had tagged the microsoft with
a simple message outlining the plane's time of arrival and
confirming the arrangement for space for a single passenger
	He wondered what Mitchell was doing, feeling. The Mans
Biolabs North America facility was carved into the heart of a
sheer mesa, a table of rock thrusting from the desert floor.
The biosoft dossier had shown Turner the mesa's face, cut
with bright evening windows; it rode about the uplifted arms
of a sea of saguaros like the wheelhouse of a giant ship. To
Mitchell, it had been prison and fortress, his home for nine
years. Somewhere near its core he had perfected the hybridoma
techniques that had eluded other researchers for almost a
century; working with human cancer cells and a neglected,
nearly forgotten model of DNA synthesis, he had produced
the immortal hybrid cells that were the basic production tools
of the new technology, minute biochemical factories end-
lessly reproducing the engineered molecules that were linked
and built up into biochips. Somewhere in the Maas arcology,
Mitchell would be moving through his last hours as their star
researcher.
	Turner tried to imagine Mitchell leading a very different
sort of life following his defection to Hosaka, but found it
difficult. Was a research arcology in Arizona very different
from one on Honshu?

	There had been times, during that long day, when Mitch-
ell's coded memories had risen in him, filling him with a
strange dread that seemed to have nothing to do with the
operation at hand.
	It was the intimacy of the thing that still disturbed him, and
perhaps the feeling of fear sprang from that. Certain frag-
ments seemed to have an emotional power entirely out of
proportion to their content. Why should a memory of a plain
hallway in some dingy Cambridge graduate dormitory fill him
with a sense of guilt and self-loathing? Other images, which
logically should have carried a degree of feeling, were 
strangely
lacking in affect: Mitchell playing with his baby daughter on
an expanse of pale woolen broadloom in a rented house in
Geneva, the child laughing, tugging at his hand. Nothing.
The man's life, from Turner's vantage, seemed marked out
by a certain inevitability; he was brilliant, a brilliance that 
had
been detected early on, highly motivated, gifted at the kind of
blandly ruthless in-company manipulation required by some-
one who aspired to become a top research scientist. If anyone
was destined to rise through laboratory-corporate hierarchies,
Turner decided, it would be Mitchell.
	Turner himself was incapable of meshing with the intensely
tribal world of the zaibatsumen, the lifers. He was a perpetual
outsider, a rogue factor adrift on the secret seas of 
intercorpo-
rate politics. No company man would have been capable of
taking the initiatives Turner was required to take in the course
of an extraction. No company man was capable of Turner's
professionally casual ability to realign his loyalties to fit a
change in employers. Or, perhaps, of his unyielding commit-
ment once a contract had been agreed upon. He had drifted
into security work in his late teens, `when the grim doldrums
of the postwar economy were giving way to the impetus of
new technologies. He had done well in security, considering
his general lack of ambition. He had a ropy, muscular poise
that impressed his employer's clients, and he was bright, very
bright. He wore clothes well. He had a way with technology.
	Conroy had found him in Mexico, where Turner's em-
ployer had contracted to provide security for a Sense/Net
simstim team who were recording a series of thirty-minute
segments in an ongoing jungle adventure series When Conroy
arrived, Turner was finishing his arrangements. He'd set up a
liaison between Sense/Net and the local government, bribed
the town's top police official, analyzed the hotel's security
system, met the local guides and drivers and had their histo-
ries doublechecked. arranged for digital voice protection on
the simstim team's transceivers, established a crisis-management
team, and planted seismic sensors around the Sense/Net
suite-cluster.
	He entered the hotel's bar, a jungle-garden extension of the
lobby, and found a seat by himself at one of the glass-topped
tables. A pale man with a shock of white, bleached hair
crossed the bar with a drink in each hand. The pale skin was
drawn tight across angular features and a high forehead; he
wore a neatly pressed military shirt over jeans, and leather
sandals.
	"You're the security for those simstim kids," the pale man
said, putting one of the drinks down on Turner's table. "Al-
fredo told me." Alfredo was one of the hotel bartenders.
	Turner looked up at the man, who was evidently sober and
seemed to have all the confidence in the world. "I don't think
we've been introduced," Turner said, making no move to
accept the proffered drink.
	"It doesn't matter," Conroy said, seating himself, "we're
in the same ball game." He seated himself.
	Turner stared. He had a bodyguard's presence, something
restless and watchful written in the lines of his body, and few
strangers would so casually violate his private space.
	"You know," the man said, the way someone might com-
ment on a team that wasn't doing particularly well in a given
season, "those seismics you're using really don't make it.
I've met people who could walk in there, eat your kids for
breakfast, stack the bones in the shower, and stroll out whis-
tling. Those seismics would say it never happened." He took
a sip of his drink. "You get A for effort, though. You know
how to do a job."
	The phrase "stack the bones in the shower" was enough.
Turner decided to take the pale man out.
"Look, Turner, here's your leading lady." The man smiled
up at Jane Hamilton, who smiled back, her wide blue eyes
clear and perfect, each iris ringed with the minute gold letter-
ing of the Zeiss Ikon logo. Turner froze, caught in a split-
second lock of indecision. The star was close, too close, and
the pale man was rising
"Nice meeting you, Turner," he said. "We'll get together
sooner or later. Take my advice about those seismics; back
em up with a perimeter of screamers." And then he turned
and walked away, muscles rolling easily beneath the crisp
fabric of his tan shirt.
	"That's nice, Turner," Hamilton said, taking the strang-
er's place.
	"Yeah?" Turner watched as the man was lost in the con-
fusion of the crowded lobby, amid pink-fleshed tourists.
	"You don't ever seem to talk to people. You always look
like you're running a make on them, filing a report. It's nice
to see you making friends for a change"
	Turner looked at her. She was twenty, four years his
junior, and earned roughly nine times his annual salary in a
given week She was blonde, her hair cropped short for the
series role, deeply tanned, and looked as if she was illumi-
nated from within by sunlamps. The blue eyes were inhu-
manly perfect optical instruments, grown in vats in Japan.
She was both actress and camera, her eyes worth several
million New Yen, and in the hierarchy of Sense/Net stars, she
barely rated.
	He sat with her. in the bar, until she'd finished two drinks,
then walked her back to the suite-cluster.
	"You wouldn't feel like coming in for another, would you,
Turner?"
	"No." he said. This was the second evening she'd made
the offer, and he sensed that it would be the last. "I have to
check the seismics."
	Later that night, he phoned New York for the number of a
firm in Mexico City that could supply him with screamers for
the perimeter of the suite-cluster.
	But a week later. Jane and three others, half the series cast,
were dead.

	"We're ready to roll the medics," Webber said. Turner
saw that she was wearing fingerless brown leather gloves
She'd replaced her sunglasses with clear-glass shooting glasses,
and there was a pistol on her hip. "Sutcliffe's monitoring the
perimeter with the remotes. We'll need everybody else to get
the fucker through the brush."
"Need me?"
	"Ramirez says he can't do anything too strenuous this
close to jacking in. You ask me, he's just a lazy little L.A.
shit.''
	"No," Turner said, getting up from his seat on the ledge,
"he's right. If he sprained his wrist, we'd be screwed. Even
something so minor that he couldn't feel it could affect his
speed . .
	Webber shrugged. "Yeah. Well, he's back in the bunker,
bathing his hands in the last of our water and humming to
himself, so we should be just fine."
	When they reached the surgery, Turner automatically counted
heads. Seven. Ramirez was in the bunker; Sutcliffe was
somewhere in the cinderblock maze, monitoring the sentry-
remotes. Lynch had a Steiner-Optic laser slung over his right
shoulder, a compact model with a folding alloy skeleton
stock, integral batteries forming a fat handgrip below the gray
titanium housing that served the thing as a barrel. Nathan was
wearing a black jumpsuit, black paratrooper boots filmed with
pale dust, and had the bulbous ant-eye goggles of an image-
amplification rig dangling below his chin on a head strap.
Turner removed his Mexican sunglasses, tucked them into a
breast pocket in the blue work shirt, and buttoned the flap
	"How's it going, Teddy?" he asked a beefy six-footer with
close-cropped brown hair.
	"Jus' fine," Teddy said, with a toothy smile.
	Turner surveyed the other three members of the site team,
nodding to each man in turn: Compton, Costa, Davis.
	"Getting down to the wire, huh?" Costa asked. He had a
round, moist face and a thin, carefully trimmed beard. Like
Nathan and the others, he wore black.
	"Pretty close," Turner said "All smooth so far."
	Costa nodded.
	"We're an estimated thirty minutes from amval," Turner
said.
	Nathan, Davis," Webber said, "disconnect the sewage
line " She handed Turner one of the Telefunken ear-bead
sets. She'd already removed it from its bubble pack. She put
one on herself, peeling the plastic backing from the self-
adhesive throat microphone and smoothing it into place on
her sunburnt neck.
	Nathan and Davis were moving in the shadows behind the
module. Turner heard Davis curse softly.
	"Shit," Nathan said, "there's no cap for the end of the
tube." The others laughed.
	"Leave it," Webber said. "Get to work on the wheels.
Lynch and Compton unlimber the jacks."
	Lynch drew a pistol-shaped power driver from his belt and
ducked beneath surgery. It was swaying now, the suspension
creaking softly; the medics were moving inside. Turner heard
a brief, high-pitched whine from some piece of internal ma-
chinery, and then the chatter of Lynch's driver as he readied
the jacks.
	He put his ear-bead in and stuck the throat mike beside his
larynx. "Sutcliffe? Check?"
	"Fine," the Australian said, a tiny voice that seemed to
come from the base of his skull.
	"Ramirez?"
	"Loud and clear. .

	Eight minutes. They were rolling the module out on its ten
fat tires. Turner and Nathan were on the front pair, steering;
Nathan had his goggles on. Mitchell was coming out in the
dark of the moon. The module was heavy, absurdly heavy,
and very nearly impossible to steer. "Like balancing a truck
on a couple of shopping carts," Nathan said to himself.
Turner's lower back was giving him trouble. It hadn't been
quite right since New Delhi.
	"Hold it," Webber said, from the third wheel on the left.
"I'm stuck on a fucking rock . .
	Turner released his wheel and straightened up. The bats
were out in force tonight, flickering things against the bowl of
desert starlight. There were bats in Mexico, in the jungle,
fruit bats that slept in the trees that overhung the 
suite-cluster
where the Sense/Net crew slept. Turner had climbed those
trees, had strung the overhanging limbs with taut lengths of
molecular monofilament, meters of invisible razor waiting for
an unwary intruder. But Jane and the others had died anyway,
blown away on a hillside in the mountains near Acapulco.
Trouble with a labor union, someone said later, but nothing
was ever determined, really, other than the fact of the primi-
tive claymore charge, its placement and the position from
which it had been detonated. Turner had climbed the hill
himself, his clothes filmed with blood, and seen the nest of
crushed undergrowth where the killers had waited, the knife
switch and the corroded automobile battery. He found the
butts of hand-rolled cigarettes and the cap from a bottle of
Bohemia beer, bright and new.
	The series had to be canceled, and the crisis-management
team did yeoman duty, arranging the removal of bodies and
the repatriation of the surviving members of the cast and
crew. Turner was on the last plane out, and after eight
Scotches in the lounge of the Acapulco airport, he'd wandered
blindly out into the central ticketing area and encountered a
man named Buschel, an executive tech from Sense/Net's Los
Angeles complex. Buschel was pale beneath an L.A. tan, his
seersucker suit limp with sweat. He was carrying a plain
aluminum case, like a camera case, its sides dull with con-
densation. Turner stared at the man, stared at the sweating
case, with its red and white warning decals and lengthy labels
explaining the precautions required in the transportation of
materials in cryogenic storage
	"Christ," Buschel said, noticing him "Turner. I'm sorry,
man. Came down this morning. Ugly fucking business " He
took a sodden handkerchief from his jacket pocket and wiped
his face. "Ugly job. I've never had to do one of these, be-
fore . .
	"What's in the case, Buschel?" He was much closer now,
although he didn't remember stepping forward. He could see
the pores in Buschel's tanned face.
	"You okay, man?" Buschel taking a step back. "You look
bad."
	"What's in the case, Buschel?" Seersucker bunched in his
fist, knuckles white and shaking.
	"Damn it, Turner," the man jerking free, the handle of the
case clutched in both hands now. "They weren't damaged.
Only some minor abrasion on one of the corneas. They belong
to the Net. It was in her contract, Turner."
	And he'd turned away, his guts knotted tight around eight
glasses of straight Scotch, and fought the nausea. And he'd
continued to fight it, held it off for nine years, until, in his
flight from the Dutchman, all the memory of it had come
down on him, had fallen on him in London, in Heathrow, and
he'd leaned forward, without pausing in his progress down
yet another corridor, and vomited into a blue plastic waste
canister.
	"Come on. Turner," Webber said, "put some back in it.
Show us how it's done." The module began to strain forward
again, through the tarry smell of the desert plants

	"Ready here," Ramirez said, his voice remote and calm.
	Turner touched the throat mike' "I'm sending you some
company." He removed his finger from the mike. "Nathan,
it's time. You and Davis, hack to the bunker."
	Davis was in charge of the squirt gear, their sole nonmatrix
link with Hosaka. Nathan was Mr. Fix-it. Lynch was rolling
the last of the bicycle wheels away into the brush beyond the
parking lot. Webber and Compton were kneeling beside the
module, attaching the line that linked the Hosaka surgeons
with the Sony biomonitor in the command post. With the
wheels removed, lowered and leveled on four jacks, the
portable neurosurgery reminded Turner once again of the
French vacation module. That had heen a much later trip,
four years after Conroy had recruited him in Los Angeles.
	"How's it going?" Sutcliffe asked, over the link.
	"Fine," Turner said, touching the mike.

	"Lonely out here," Sutcliffe said.
	"Compton," Turner said, "Sutcliffe needs you to help him
cover the perimeter. You, too, Lynch."
	"Too bad," Lynch said, from the dark. ~`I was hoping I'd
get to see the action
	Turner's hand was on the grip of the holstered Smith &
Wesson, under the open flap of the parka. "Now, Lynch." If
Lynch was Connie's plant. he'd want to be here. Or in the
bunker.
	"Fuck it," Lynch said. "There's nobody out there and you
know it. You don't want me here, I'll go in there and watch
Ramirez .
	"Right," Turner said, and drew the gun, depressing the
stud that activated the xenon projector. The first tight-beam
flash of noon-bright xenon light found a twisted saguaro, its
needles like tufts of gray fur in the pitiless illumination The
econd lit up the spiked skull on Lynch's belt, framed it in a
sharp-edged circle The sound of the shot and the sound of
he bullet detonating on impact were indistinguishable, waves
of concussion rolling out in invisible, ever-widening rings,
out into the flat dark land like thunder.
	In the first few seconds after, there was no sound at all,
even the bats and bugs silenced, waiting. Wehber had thrown
herself flat in the scrub, and somehow he sensed her there,
now, knew that her gun would be out, held dead steady in
those brown, capable hands. He had no idea where Compton
was. Then Sutcliffe's voice, over the ear-bead, scratching at
him from his hrainpan: "Turner. What was that?"
	There was enough starlight now to make out Webber. She
was sitting up, gun in her hands, ready, her elbows hraced on
her knees.
"He was Conroy's plant," Turner said, lowering the Smith
& Wesson.
"Jesus Christ," she said. "I'm Conroy's plant
"He had a line out. I've seen it before
She had to say it twice.
Sutcliffe's voice in his head, and then Ramirez: "We got
your transportation. Eighty klicks and closing. . . . Every-
thing else looks clear. There's a blimp twenty klicks south-
southwest, Jaylene says, unmanned cargo and it's right on
schedule. Nothing else. What the fuck's Sut yelling about?
Nathan says he heard a shot" Ramirez was jacked in. most
of his sensorium taken up with the input from the Maas-
Neotek deck. "Nathan's ready with the first squirt .
	Turner could hear the jet banking now, braking for the
landing on the highway. Webber was up and walking toward
him, her gun in her hand. Sutcliffe was asking the same
question, over and over.
	He reached up and touched the throat mike. "Lynch. He's
dead. The jet's here. This is it."
	And then the Jet was on them, black shadow, incredibly
low, coming in without lights. There was a flare of blow-back
jets as the thing executed a landing that would have killed a
human pilot, and then a weird creaking as it readjusted its
articulated carbon-fiber airframe. Turner could make out the
green reflected glow of instrumentation in the curve of the
plastic canopy.
	"You fucked up," Webber said.
	Behind her, the hatch in the side of the surgery module
popped open, framing a masked figure in a green paper
contamination suit. The light from inside was blue-white,
brilliant, it threw a distorted shadow of the suited medic out
through the thin cloud of dust that hung above the lot in the
wake of the Jet's landing. "Close it!" Webber shouted. "Not
yet!"
	As the door swung down, shutting out the light, they both
heard the ultralight's engine. After the roar of the jet, it
seemed no more than the hum of a dragonfly, a drone that
stuttered and faded as they listened. "He's out of fuel,"
Webber said. "But he's close."
	"He's here," Turner said, pressing the throat mike. "First
squirt."
	The tiny plane whispered past them, a dark delta against
the stars They could hear something flapping in the wind of
its silent passage, perhaps one of Mitchell's pants legs You're
up there, Turner thought, all alone, in the warmest clothes
you own, wearing a pair of infrared goggles you built for
yourself, and you're looking for a pair of dotted lines picked
out for you in hand warmers "You crazy fucker," he said,
his heart filling with a strange admiration, "you really wanted
out bad."
	Then the first flare went up, with a festive little pop. and
the magnesium glare began its slow white parachute ride to
the desert floor. Almost immediately, there were two more,
and the long rattle of automatic fire from the west end of the
mall. He was peripherally aware of Webber stumbling through
the brush, in the direction of the bunker, but his eyes were
fixed on the wheeling ultralight, on its gay orange and blue
fabric wings, and the goggled figure hunched there in the
open metal framework above the fragile tripod landing gear
Mitchell.
	The lot was bright as a football field, under the drifting
flares. The uhralight banked and turned with a lazy grace that
made Turner want to scream. A line of tracers hosed out in a
white arc from beyond the site perimeter. Missed.
	Get it down. Get it down. He was running, jumping clumps
of brush that caught at his ankles, at the hem of his parka.
	The flares. The light. Mitchell couldn't use the goggles
now, couldn't see the infrared glow of the hand warmers. He
was bringing it in wide of the strip. The nose wheel caught in
something and the ultralight cartwheeled, crumpling, torn
butterfly, and then lay down in its own white cloud of dust
	The flash of the explosion seemed to reach him an instant
before the sound, throwing his shadow before him across the
pale brush. The concussion picked him up and threw him
down, and as he fell, he saw the broken surgery module in a
ball of yellow flame and knew that Webber had used her
antitank rocket Then he was up again, moving, running, the
gun in his hand.
	He reached the wreckage of Mitchell's ultralight as the first
flare died. Another one arced out of nowhere and blossomed
overhead. The sound of firing was continuous now. He scram-
bled over a twisted sheet of rusted tin and found the sprawled
figure of the pilot, head and face concealed hy a makeshift
helmet and a clumsy-looking goggle rig. The goggles were
fastened to the helmet with dull silver strips of gaffer tape
The twisted limbs were padded in layers of dark clothing.
Turner watched his hands claw at the tape, tear at the infrared
goggles; his hands were distant creatures, pale undersea things
that lived a life of their own far down at the bottom of some
unthinkable Pacific trench, and he watched as they tore franti-
cally at tape, goggles, helmet Until it all came away, and the
long brown hair, limp with sweat, fell across the girl's white
face, smearing the thin trickle of dark blood that ran ftom one
nostril, and her eyes opened, revealing empty whites, and he
was tugging her up, somehow, into a fireman's carry, and
reeling in what he hoped was the direction of the jet
	He felt the second explosion through the soles of his deck
shoes, and saw the idiot grin on the lump of plastique that sat
on Ramirez's cyberspace deck. There was no flash, only
sound and the sting of concussion through the concrete of the
lot
	And then he was in the cockpit, breathing the new-car
smell of long-chain monomers, the familiar scent of newly
minted technology, and the girl was behind him, an awkward
doll sprawled in the embrace of the g-web that Conroy had
paid a San Diego arms dealer to install behind the pilot's
web. The plane was quivering, a live thing, and as he squirmed
deeper into his own web, he fumbled for the interface cable,
found it, ripped the microsoft from his socket, and slid the
cable-jack home.
	Knowledge lit him like an arcade game, and he surged
forward with the plane-ness of the jet, feeling the flexible
airframe reshape itself for jump-off as the canopy whined
smoothly down on its servos. The g-web ballooned around
him, locking his limbs rigid, the gun still in his hand. "Go,
motherfucker." But the jet already knew, and g-force crushed
him down into the dark.

"You lost consciousness," the plane said Its chip-voice
sounded vaguely like Conroy.
"How long?"
"Thirty-eight seconds."
"Where are we?"
"Over Nagos." The head-up display lit, a dozen constantly
altered figures beneath a simplified map of the Arizona-
Sonora line.
The sky went white.
"What was that?"
Silence.
"What was that?"
"Sensors indicate an explosion," the plane said. "The
magnitude suggests a tactical nuclear warhead, but there was
no electromagnetic pulse. The locus of destruction was our
point of departure."
The white glow faded and was gone.
"Cancel course," he said.
"Canceled. New headings. please."
"That's a good question," Turner said. He couldn't turn
his head to look at the girl behind him. He wondered if she
were dead yet.

MARLY DREAMED OF ALAN, dusk in a wildflower field, and he
cradled her head, then caressed and broke her neck. Lay there
unmoving but she knew what he was doing. He kissed her all
over. He took her money and the keys to her room. The stars
were huge now, fixed above the bright fields, and she could
still feel his hands on her neck. .
	She woke in the coffee-scented morning and saw the squares
of sunlight spread across the books on Andrea's table, heard
Andrea's comfortingly familiar morning cough as she lit a
first cigarette from the stove's front burner. She shook off the
dark colors of the dream and sat up on Andrea's couch,
hugging the dark red quilt around her knees. After Gnass,
after the police and the reporters, she'd never dreamed of
him. Or if she did, she'd guessed, she somehow censored the
dreams, erased them before she woke. She shivered, although
it was already a warm morning, and went into the bathroom.
She wanted no more dreams of Alain.
	"Paco told me that Alain was armed when we met," she
said when Andrea handed her the blue enamel mug of coffee.
	"Alain armed?" Andrea divided the omelet and slid half
onto Marly's plate. "What a bizarre idea. It would be like
	like arming a penguin." They both laughed. "Alain is
not the type," Andrea said "He'd shoot his foot off in the
middle of some passionate declaration about the state of art
and the amount of the dinner bill. He's a big shit, Alain, but
that's hardly news. If I were you, I'd expend a bit more
worry on this Paco. What reason do you have for accepting
that he works for Virek?" She took a bite of omelet and
reached for the salt.
	"I saw him. He was there in Virek's construct."
	"You saw somethingan image only, the image of a
child which only resembled this man."
	Marly watched Andrea eat her half of the omelet, letting
her own grow cold on the plate How could she explain,
about the sense she'd had, walking from the Louvre? The
conviction that something surrounded her now, monitoring
her with relaxed precision; that she had become the focus of
at least a part of Virek's empire. ``He's a very wealthy man,"
she began.
	"Virek?" Andrea put her knife and fork down on the plate
and took up her coffee. "I should say he is. If you believe the
journalists, he's the single wealthiest individual, period. As
rich as some zaibatsu. But there's the catch, really: is he an
individual? In the sense that you are, or I am? No. Aren't you
going to eat that?"
	Marly began to mechanically cut and fork sections of the
cooling omelet, while Andrea continued: "You should look at
the manuscript we're working on this month
	Marly chewed, raised her eyebrows questioningly
	"It's a history of the high-orbit industrial clans. A man at
the University of Nice did it. Your Virek's even in it, come to
think; he's cited as a counterexample, or rather as a type of
parallel evolution. This fellow at Nice is interested in the
paradox of individual wealth in a corporate age. in why it
should still exist at all. Great wealth, I mean. He sees the
high-orbit clans, people like the Tessier-Ashpools, as a very
late variant on traditional patterns of aristocracy, late 
because
the corporate mode doesn't really allow for an aristocracy."
She put her cup down on her plate and camed the plate to the
sink "Actually, now that I've started to describe it, it isn't
that interesting. There's a great deal of very gray prose about
the nature of Mass Man. With caps, Mass Man. He's big on
caps Not much of a stylist." She spun the taps and water
hissed out through the filtration unit.
	"But what does he say about Virek?"
	"He says, if I remember all this correctly, and I'm not at
all certain that I do, that Virek is an even greater fluke than
the industrial clans in orbit The clans are transgenerational,
and there's usually a fair bit of medicine involved: cryogen-
ics, genetic manipulation, various ways to combat aging. The
death of a given clan member, even a founding member,
usually wouldn't bring the clan, as a business entity. to a
crisis point. There's always someone to step in, someone
waiting. The difference between a clan and a corporation,
however, is that you don't need to literally marry into a
corporation
 "But they sign indentures
 Andrea shrugged. "That's like a lease. It isn't the same
thing. It's job security, really. But when your Herr Virek
dies, finally, when they run out of room to enlarge his vat,
whatever, his business interests will lack a logical focus. At
that point, our man in Nice has it, you'll see Virek and
Company either fragment or mutate, the latter giving us the
Something Company and a true multinational, yet another
home for capital-M Mass Man." She wiped her plate, rinsed
it, dried it. and placed it in the pine rack beside the sink "He
says that's too bad, in a way, because' there are so few people
left who can even see the edge."
	"The edge?"
	"The edge of the crowd. We're lost in the middle, you
and I Or I still am, at any rate." She crossed the kitchen and
put her hands on Marly's shoulders "You want to take care
in this. A part of you is already much happier, but now I see
that I could have brought that about myself, simply by arrang-
ing a little lunch for you with your pig of a former lover The
rest of it, I'm not sure    I think our academic's theory is
invalidated by the obvious fact that Virek and his kind are
already far from human. I want you to be careful     Then
she kissed Marly's cheek and went off to her work as an
assistant editor in the fashionably archaic business of printing
books.

	She spent the morning at Andrea's, with the Braun, view-
ing the holograms of the seven works. Each piece was extraordi-
nary in its own way, but she repeatedly returned to the box
Virek had shown her first. If I had the original here, she
thought, and removed the glass, and one by one removed the
objects inside, what would be left? Useless things, a frame
of space, perhaps a smell like dust.
	She sprawled on the couch, the Braun resting on her stom-
ach, and stared into the box. It ached It seemed to her that
the construction evoked something perfectly, but it was an
emotion that lacked a name. She ran her hands through the
bright illusion, tracing the length of the fluted, avian bone.
She was certain that Virek had already assigned an ornitholo-
gist the task of identifying the bird from whose wing that
bone had come And it would be possible to date each object
with the greatest precision, she supposed. Each tab of holofiche
also housed an extensive report on the known origin of each
piece, but something in her had deliberately avoided these. It
was sometimes best, when you came to the mystery that was
art, to come as a child. The child saw things that were too
evident, too obvious for the trained eye
	She put the Braun down on the low table beside the couch
and crossed to Andre&s phone, intending to check the time.
She was meeting Paco at one, to discuss the mechanics of
Alain's payment. Alain had told her he would phone her at
Andrea's at three. When she punched for the time service, an
automatic recap of satellite news strobed across the screen: a
JAL shuttle had disintegrated during reentry over the Indian
Ocean, investigators from the Boston-Atlanta Metropolitan
Axis had been called in to examine the site of a brutal and
apparently pointless bombing in a drab New Jersey residential
suburb, militiamen were supervising the evacuation of the
southern quadrant of New Bonn following the discovery, by
construction workers, of two undetonated wartime rockets
believed to be armed with biological weapons, and official
sources in Arizona were denying Mexico's accusation of the
detonation of a small-scale atomic or nuclear device near the
Sonora border. . . As she watched, the recap cycled and the
simulation of the shuttle began its fire-death again. She shook
her head, tapping the button. It was noon.

	Summer had come, the sky hot and blue above Paris, and
she smiled at the smell of good bread and black tobacco. Her
sense of being observed had receded now, as she walked from
the m~tro to the address Paco had given her. Faubourg St.
Honor& The address seemed vaguely familiar. A gallery, she
thought.
	Yes. The Roberts. The owner an American who operated
three galleries in New York as well. Expensive, but no longer
quite chic. Paco was waiting beside an enormous panel on
which were layered, beneath a thick and uneven coat of
varnish, hundreds of small square photographs, the kind pro-
duced by certain very old-fashioned machines in train stations
and bus terminals. All of them seemed to be of young girls.
Automatically, she noted the name of the artist and the work's
title: Read Us the Book of the Names of the Dead.
"I suppose you understand this sort of thing," the Spaniard
said glumly. He ~sore an expensive-looking blue suit cut in
Parisian business style, a white broadcloth shirt, and a very
English-looking tie, probably from Charvet He didn't look at
all like a waiter now. There was an Italian bag of black ribbed
rubber slung over his shoulder
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"Names of the dead," and he nodded in the direction of
the panel. "You were a dealer in these things."
"What don't you understand?"
"I sometimes feel as though this, this culture, is entirely a
trick. A ruse. All my life I have served Sefior, in one guise or
another, you understand? And my work has not been without
its satisfactions, moments of triumph But never, when he
involved me with this business of ah, have I felt any satisfac-
tion. He is wealth itself. The world is filled with objects of
great beauty. And yet Sefior pursues . He shrugged.
"You know what you like, then " She smiled at him.
"Why did you choose this gallery for our meeting?"
"Sefior's agent purchased one of the boxes here. Haven't
you read the histories we provided you with in Brussels?"
"No," she said. "It might interfere with my intuition.
Herr Virek is paying for my intuition."
He raised his eyebrows. "I will introduce you to Picard,
the manager. Perhaps he can do something for this intuition
of yours."
	He led her across the room and through a doorway. A
graying, heavyset Frenchman in a rumpled corduroy suit was
speaking into the handset of a phone. On the phone's screen
she saw columns of letters and figures. The day's quotations
on the New York market.
"Ah," the man said, "Estevez. Excuse me. Only a mo-
ment. He smiled apologetically and returned to his conver-
sation. Marly studied the quotations Pollock was down again.
This, she supposed, was the aspect of art that she had the
most difficulty understanding. Picard, if that was the man's
name, was speaking with a broker in New York, arranging
the purchase of a certain number of "points" of the work of a
particular artist. A "point" might be defined in any number
of ways, depending on the medium involved, but it was
almost certain that Picard would never see the works he was
purchasing. If the artist enjoyed sufficient status, the 
originals were very likely crated away in some vault, where no one
saw them at all. Days or years later, Picard might pick up that
same phone and order the broker to sell.
	Marly's gallery had sold originals. There was relatively
little money in it, but it had a certain visceral appeal. And, 
of course, there had been the chance that one would get lucky.
She had convinced herself that she'd gotten very lucky indeed
when Alain had arranged for the forged Cornell to surface as
a wonderful, accidental find. Cornell had his place on the
broker's board, and his "points" were very expensive.
	"Picard," Paco said, as though he were addressing a ser-
vant, "this is Many Krushkhova. Seiior has brought her into
the matter of the anonymous boxes. She may wish to ask you
questions
	"Charmed," Picard said, and smiled warmly, but she thought
she detected a flicker in his brown eyes. Very likely, he was
trying to connect the name to some scandal, relatively recent.
	"I understand that your gallery handled the transaction,
then?"
	"Yes," Picard said "We had displayed the work in our
New York rooms, and it had attracted a number of bids. We
decided to give it its day in Paris, however,"he beamed
"and your employer made our decision most worthwhile.
How is Herr Virek, Estevez? We have not seen him in several
weeks.
Marly glanced quickly at Paco, but his dark face was
smooth, utterly controlled
"Sefior is very well, I would think," he said.
"Excellent," said Picard, somewhat too enthusiastically.
He turned to Marly. "A marvelous man. A legend. A great
patron. A great scholar."
Marly thought she heard Paco sigh
"Could you tell me, please, where your New York branch
obtained the work in question?"
Picard's face fell. He looked at Paco, then back at Marly.
"You don't know? They haven't told you?"
"Could you tell me, please?"
"No," Picard said, "I'm sorry, but I can't. You see, we
don't know."
Marly stared at him "I beg your pardon, but I don't quite
see how that is possible .
"She hasn't read the report, Picard. You tell her. It will be
good for her intuition, to hear it from your own lips."
Picard gave Paco an odd look, then regained his compo-
sure. "Certainly," he said. "A pleasure

	"Do you think it's true?" she asked Paco as they stepped
out into Faubourg St Honors and summer sunlight. The
crowds were thick with Japanese tourists.
	"I went to the Sprawl myself," Paco said, "and inter-
viewed everyone involved. Roberts left no record of the
purchase, although ordinarily he was no more secretive than
the next art dealer."
	"And his death was accidental?"
	He put on a pair of mirrored Porsche glasses. "As acciden-
tal as that sort of death ever is," he said. "We have no way
of knowing when or how he obtained the piece We located
it, here, eight months ago, and all' our attempts to work
backward end with Roberts, and Roberts has been dead for a
year Picard neglected to tell you that they very nearly lost the
thing. Roberts kept it in his country house, along with a
number of other things that his survivors regarded as mere
curiosities. The whole lot came close to being sold at public
auction. Sometimes I wish it had been."
	"These other things," she asked, falling into step beside
him, "what are they?"
	He smiled. "You think we haven't tracked them, each
one? We have They were' `here he frowned, exaggerating
the effort of memory" `a number of rather unremarkable
examples of contemporary folk art'
	"Was Roberts known to be interested in that sort of thing?"
	"No," he said, "but approximately a year before his
death, we know that he made application for membership in
the Institut de l'Art Brut, here in Paris, and arranged to
become a patron of the Aeschmann Collection in Hamburg"
	Marly nodded The Aeschmann Collection was restricted to
the works of psychotics.
	"We are reasonably certain," Paco continued, taking her
elbow and guiding her around a corner, into a side street,
"that he made no attempt to use the resources of either,
unless he employed an intermediary, and we regard that as
unlikely. Sefior, of course, has employed several dozen schol-
ars to sweep the records of both institutions. To no avail . .
	"Tell me," she said, "why Picard assumed that he had
recently seen Herr Virek. How is that possible?"
	"Sefior is wealthy. Sefior enjoys any number of means of
manifestation."
	Now he led her into a chrome-trimmed barn of a place,
glittering with mirrors, bottles, and arcade games. The mir-
rors lied about the depth of the room; at its rear, she could 
see
the reflected pavement, the legs of pedestrians, the flash of
sunlight on a hubcap. Paco nodded to a lethargic-looking man
behind the bar and took her hand, leading her through the
tightly packed shoal of round plastic tables.
	"You can take your call from Alain here," he said. "We
have arranged to reroute it from your friend's apartment." He
drew a chair out for her, an automatic bit of professional
courtesy that made her wonder if he might actually once have
been a waiter, and placed his bag on the tabletop.
	"But he'll see that I'm not there," she said. "If I blank the
video, he'll become suspicious
	"But he won't see that We've generated a digital image of
your face and the required background We'll key that to the
image on this phone "He took an elegant modular unit from
the bag and placed it in front of her. A paper thin polycarbon
screen unfurled silently from the top of the unit and imme-
diately grew rigid. She had once watched a butterfly emerge
into the world, and seen the transformation of its drying
wings. "How is that done?" she asked, tentatively touching
the screen. It was like thin steel.
	"One of the new polycarbon variants," he said, "one of
the Maas products . .
	The phone purred discreetly He positioned it more care-
fully in front of her, stepped to the far side of the table, and
said, "Your call. Remember, you are at home!" He reached
forward and brushed a titanium-coated stud.
	Alain's face and shoulders filled the little screen. The
image had the smudged, badly lit look of a public booth.
"Good afternoon, my dear," he said.
"Hello, Alain."
	"How are you, Marly? I trust you've gotten the money we
discussed?" She could see that he was wearing a jacket of
some kind, dark, but she could make out no details. "Your
roommate could do with a lesson in housecleaning," he said,
and seemed to be peering back over her shoulder.
	"You've never cleaned a room in your life," she said
	He shrugged, smiling. "We each have our talents," he
said. "Do you have my money, Marly?"
	She glanced up at Paco, who nodded. "Yes," she said,
"of course."
	"That's wonderful, Marly. Marvelous We have only one
small difficulty." He was still smiling.
	"And what is that?"
	"My informants have doubled their price. Consequently, I
must now double mine."
	Paco nodded. He was smiling, too.
	"Very well. I will have to ask, of course ..~" He sick-
ened her now. She wanted to be off the phone.
	"And they, of course, will agree.
	"Where shall we meet, then?"
	"I will phone again, at five," he said. His image shrank to
a single blip of blue-green, and then that was gone as well.
	"You look tired," Paco said as he collapsed the screen and
replaced the phone in his bag "You look older when you've
talked with him."
	"Do I?" For some reason, now, she saw the panel in the
Roberts, all those faces Read Us the Book of the Names of
the Dead. All the Marlys, she thought all the girls she'd been
through the long season of youth.


"HEY, SHITHEAD." RHEA poked him none too lightly in the
ribs "Get your ass up."
	He came up fighting with the crocheted comforter, with the
half-formed shapes of unknown enemies. With his mother's
murderers. He was in a room he didn't know, a room that
might have been anywhere. Gold plastic gilt frames on a lot
of mirrors. Fuzzy scarlet wallpaper. He'd seen Gothicks dec-
orate rooms that way, when they could afford it, but he'd also
seen their parents do whole condos in the same style Rhea
flung a bundle of clothes down on the temperfoam and shoved
her hands in the pockets of a black leather jacket.
	The pink and black squares of the comforter were bunched
around his waist. He looked down and saw the segmented
length of the centipede submerged in a finger-wide track of
fresh pink scar tissue. Beauvoir had said that the thing 
acceler-
ated healing. He touched the bright new tissue with a hesitant
fingertip, found it tender but bearable. He looked up at Rhea.
"Get your ass up on this," he said, giving her the finger.
	They glared at each other, for a few seconds, over Bobby's
upraised middle finger. Then she laughed "Okay," she said,
"you got a point. I'll get off your case But pick those clothes
up and get `em on. Should be something there that fits Lucas
is due by here soon to pick you up, and Lucas doesn't like to
be kept waiting
	"Yeah? Well, he seems like a pretty relaxed guy to me
He began to sort through the heap of clothing, discarding a
black shirt with a paisley pattern printed on it in laundered-
out gold, a red satin number with a fringe of white imitation
leather down the sleeves, a black sort of leotard thing with
panels of some translucent material . . . "Hey," he said,
"where did you get this stuff? I can't wear shit like this
	"It's my little brother's," Rhea said. "From last season,
and you better get your white ass dressed before Lucas gets
down here. Hey," she said, "that's mine," snatching up the
leotard as though he might be about to steal it.
	He pulled the black and gold shirt on and fumbled with
domed snaps made of black imitation pearl. He found a pair
of black jeans, but they proved to be baggy and elaborately
pleated, and didn't seem to have any pockets "This all the
pants you got?"
	"Jesus," she said. "I saw the clothes Pye cut off you,
man. You aren't anybody's idea of a fashion plate. Just get
dressed, okay? I don't want any trouble with Lucas. He may
come on all mellow with you, but `that just means you got
something he wants bad enough to take the trouble. Me, I
sure don't, so Lucas got no compunctions, as far as I'm
concerned."
	He stood up unsteadily beside the bedslab and tried to zip
up the black jeans. "No zip," he said, looking at her.
	"Buttons In there somewhere. It's part of the style you
know?"
	Bobby found the buttons. It was an elaborate arrangement
and he wondered what would happen if he had to piss in a
hurry He saw the black nylon thongs beside the slab and
shoved his feet into them. "What about Jackie?" he asked,
padding to where he could see himself in the gold-framed
mirrors. `Lucas got any compunctions about her?" He watched
her in the mirror, saw something cross her face
	"What's that mean?"
	"Beauvoir, he told me she was a horse"
	"You hush," she said, her voice gone low and urgent.
"Beauvoir mention anything like that to you, that's his busi-
ness. Otherwise, it's nothing you talk about, understand?
There's things bad enough, you'd wish you were back out
there getting your butt carved up."
	He watched her eyes, reflected in the mirror, dark eyes
shadowed by the deep brim of the soft felt hat. Now they
seemed to show a little more white than they had before
	"Okay," he said, after a pause, and then added, "Thanks."
He fiddled with the collar of the shirt, turning it up in the
back, down again, trying it different ways.
	"You know," Rhea said, tilting her head to one side,
"you get a few clothes on you, you don't look too bad. `Cept
you got eyes like two pissholes in a snowbank . .

	"Lucas." Bobby said, when they were in the elevator, "do
you know who it was offed my old lady?" It wasn't a
question he'd planned on asking, but somehow it had come
rushing up like a bubble of swamp gas.
	Lucas regarded him benignly, his long face smooth and
black. His black suit, beautifully cut, looked as though it had
been freshly pressed. He carried a stout stick of oiled and
polished wood, the grain all swirly black and red, topped with
a large knob of polished brass. Finger-long splines of brass
ran down from the knob, inlaid smoothly in the cane's shaft.
"No, we do not." His wide lips formed a straight and very
serious line. "That's something we'd very much like to
know .
	Bobby shifted uncomfortably. The elevator made him self-
conscious. It was the size of a small bus, and although it
wasn't crowded, he was the only white Black people, he
noted, as his eyes shifted restlessly down the thing's length,
didn't look half dead under fluorescent light, the way white
people did.
	Three times, in their descent, the elevator came to a halt at
some floor and remained there, once for nearly fifteen min-
utes. The first time this happened, Bobby had looked ques-
tioningly at Lucas. "Something in the shaft," Lucas had
said. "What?" "Another elevator." The elevators were lo-
cated at the core of the arcology, their shafts bundled together
with water mains, sewage lines, huge power cables, and
insulated pipes that Bobby assumed were part of the geother-
mal system that Beauvoir had described. You could see it all
whenever the doors opened; everything was exposed, raw, as
though the people who built the place had wanted to be able
to see exactly how everything worked and what was going
where And everything, every visible surface, was covered
with an interlocking net of graffiti, so dense and heavily
overlaid that it was almost impossible to pick out any kind
of message or symbol.
	"You never were up here before, were you, Bobby?"
Lucas asked as the doors jolted shut once again and they were
on their way down. Bobby shook his head. "That's too bad,"
Lucas said. "Understandable, certainly, but kind of a shame
Two-a-Day tells me you haven't been too keen on sitting
around Barrytown. That true?"
	"Sure is," Bobby agreed.
	"I guess that's understandable, too. You seem to me to be
a young man of some imagination and initiative Would you
agree?" Lucas spun the cane's bright brass head against his
pink palm and looked at Bobby steadily.
	"I guess so I can't stand the place. Lately I've kind of
been noticing how, well, nothing ever happens, you know? I
mean, things happen, but it's always the same stuff, over and
fucking over, like it's all a rerun, every summer like the last
one. . ." His voice trailed off, uncertain what Lucas would
think of him.
	"Yes," Lucas said, "I know that feeling. It may be a little
more true of Barrytown than of some other places, but you
can feel the same thing as easily in New York or Tokyo."
	Can't be true, Bobby thought, but nodded anyway, Rhea's
warning in the back of his head. Lucas was no more threaten-
ing than Beauvoir, but his bulk alone was a caution. And
Bobby was working on a new theory of personal deportment;
he didn't quite have the whole thing yet, but part of it
involved the idea that people who were genuinely dangerous
might not need to exhibit the fact at all, and that the ability 
to
conceal a threat made them even more dangerous. This ran
directly opposite to the rule around Big Playground, where
kids who had no real clout whatever went to great pains to
advertise their chrome-studded rabidity. Which probably did
them some good, at least in terms of the local action. But
Lucas was very clearly nothing to do with local action.
	"I see you doubt it," Lucas said. "Well, you'll probably
find out soon enough, but not for a while. The way your life's
going now, things should remain new and exciting for quite a
while."
	The elevator door shuddered open, and Lucas was moving,
shooing Bobby in front of him like a child They stepped out
into a tiled foyer that seemed to stretch forever, past kiosks
and cloth-draped stalls and people squatting beside blankets
with things spread out on them. "But not to linger," Lucas
said, giving Bobby a very gentle shove with one large hand
when Bobby paused in front of stacks of jumbled software.
"You are on your way to the Sprawl, my man, and you are
going in a manner that befits a count."
	"How's that?"
"In a limo."

	Lucas's car was an amazing stretch of gold-flecked black
bodywork and mirror-finished brass, studded with a collection
of baroque gadgets whose purpose Bobby only had time to
guess at. One of the things was a dish antenna, he decided,
but it looked more like one of those Aztec calendar wheels,
and then he was inside, Lucas letting the wide door clunk
gently shut behind them. The windows were tinted so dark, it
looked like nighttime outside, a bustling nighttime where the
Projects' crowds went about their noonday business The
interior of the vehicle was a single large compartment padded
with bright rugs and pale leather cushions, although there
seemed to be no particular place to sit. No steering wheel
either, the dash was a padded expanse of leather unbroken by
controls of any kind. He looked at Lucas, who was loosening
his black tie. "How do you drive it?"
	"Sit down somewhere. You drive it like this: Ahmed, get
our asses to New York, lower east."
	The car slid smoothly away from the curb as Bobby dropped
to his knees on a soft pile of rugs.
	"Lunch will be served in thirty minutes, sir, unless you'd
care for something sooner," a voice said. It was soft, melo-
dious, and seemed to come from nowhere in particular.
	Lucas laughed. "They really knew how to build `em in
Damascus," he said.
"Where?"
	"Damascus," Lucas said as he unbuttoned his suit coat
and settled back into a wedge of pale cushions. "This is a
Rolls. Old one Those Arabs built a good car, while they had
the money."

	"Lucas," Bobby said, his mouth half full of cold fried
chicken, "how come it's taking us an hour and a half to get
to New York? We aren't exactly crawling .
	"Because," Lucas said, pausing for another sip of cold
white wine, "that's how long it's taking us. Ahmed has all
the factory options, including a first-rate countersurveillance
system. On the road, rolling, Ahmed provides a remarkable
degree of privacy, more than I'm ordinarily willing to pay for
in New York. Ahmed, you get the feeling anybody's trying to
get to us, listen in or anything?"
	"No, sir," the voice said. "Eight minutes ago our identifica-
tion panel was infra-scanned by a Tactical helicopter. The
helicopter's number was MH-dash-3-dash-848, piloted by Cor-
poral Roberto
	"Okay, okay," Lucas said. "Fine. Never mind You see?
Ahmed got more on those Tacs than they got on us." He
wiped his hands on a thick white linen napkin and took a gold
toothpick from his jacket pocket.
	"Lucas," Bobby said, while Lucas probed delicately at the
gaps between his big square teeth, "what would happen if,
say, I asked you to take me to Times Square and let me out?"
	"Ah," Lucas said, lowering the toothpick, "the city's
most resonant acre What's the matter, Bobby, a drug
problem?"
	"Well, no, but I was wondering."
	"Wondering what? You want to go to Times Square?"
	"No, that was just the first place I thought of. What I mean
is, I guess, would you let me go?"
	"No," Lucas said, "not to put too fine a point on it. But
you don't have to think of yourself as a prisoner. More like a
guest. A valued guest."
	Bobby smiled wanly. "Oh. Okay. Like what they call
protective custody, I guess."
	"Right," Lucas said, bringing the gold toothpick into play
again. "And while we are here, securely screened by the
good Ahmed, it's time we have a talk. Brother Beauvoir has
already told you a little about us, I think What do you think,
Bobby. about what he's told you?"
	"Well," Bobby said, "it's real interesting, but I'm not
sure I understand it."
	"What don't you understand?"
	"Well, I don't know about this voodoo stuff.
	Lucas raised his eyebrows
	"I mean, it's your business, what you wanna buy, I mean,
believe, right? But one minute Beauvoir's talking biz, street
tech, like I never heard before, and the next he's talking
mambos and ghosts and snakes and, and . .
	"And what?"
	"Horses," Bobby said, his throat tight.
	"Bobby, do you know what a metaphor is?"
	"A component? Like a capacitor?"
	"No. Never mind metaphor, then. When Beauvoir or I talk
to you about the ba and their horses, as we call those few the
ba choose to ride, you should pretend that we are talking two
languages at once. One of them, you already understand.
That's the language of street tech, as you call it. We may be
using different words, but we're talking tech. Maybe we call
something Ougou Feray that you might call an icebreaker,
you understand? But at the same time, with the same words,
we are talking about other things, and that you don't under-
stand. You don't need to." He put his toothpick away.
	Bobby took a deep breath. "Beauvoir said that Jackie's a
horse for a snake, a snake called Danbala. You run that by
me in street tech?"
	"Certainly. Think of Jackie as a deck, Bobby, a cyberspace
deck, a very pretty one with nice ankles." Lucas grinned and
Bobby blushed. "Think of Danbala, who some people call
the snake, as a program. Say as an icebreaker. Danbala slots
into the Jackie deck, Jackie cuts ice. That's all."
	"Okay," Bobby said, getting the hang of it, "then what's
the matrix? If she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's
cyberspace?"
	"The world," Lucas said.

	"Best if we walk from here," Lucas said
	The Rolls came to a silent, silken halt and Lucas stood,
buttoning his suit coat. "Ahmed attracts too much attention."
He picked up his cane, and the door made a soft chunking
sound as it unlocked itself.
	Bobby climbed down behind him, into the unmistakable
signature smell of the Sprawl, a rich amalgam of stale subway
exhalations, ancient soot, and the carcinogenic tang of fresh
plastics, all of it shot through with the carbon edge of illicit
fossil fuels. High overhead, in the reflected glare of arc
lamps, one of the unfinished Fuller domes shut out two thirds
of the salmon-pink evening sky, its ragged edge like broken
gray honeycomb. The Sprawl's patchwork of domes tended to
generate inadvertent microclimates; there were areas of a few
city blocks where a fine drizzle of condensation fell continu-
ally from the soot-stained geodesics, and sections of high
dome famous for displays of static-discharge, a peculiarly
urban variety of lightning. There was a stiff wind blowing, as
Bobby followed Lucas down the street, a warm, gritty breeze
that probably had something to do with pressure shifts in the
Sprawl-long subway system.
	"Remember what I told you," Lucas said, his eyes nar-
rowed against the grit. "The man is far more than he seems.
Even if he were nothing more than what he seems, you would
owe him a degree of respect. If you want to be a cowboy,
you're about to meet a landmark in the trade."
	"Yeah, right." He skipped to avoid a graying length of
printout that tried to wrap itself around his ankle. "So he's
the one you an' Beauvoir bought the A"
	"Ha! No! Remember what I told you. You speak in the
open street, you may as well put your words up on a bulletin-
board..."
	Bobby grimaced, then nodded. Shit. He kept blowing it.
Here he was with a major operator, up to his neck in some
amazing kind of biz, and he kept acting like a wilson Oper-
ator. That was the word for Lucas, a'nd for Beauvoir, too, and
that voodoo talk was Just some game they ran on people, he'd
decided. In the Rolls, Lucas had launched into some strange
extended number about Legha, who he said was the ba of
communication, "the master of roads and pathways," all
about how the man he was taking Bobby to meet was a
favorite of Legba's. When Bobby asked if the man was
another oungan, Lucas said no; he said the man had walked
with Legha all his life, so close that he'd never known the ba
was there at all, like it was just a part of him, his shadow.
And this was the man, Lucas had said, who'd sold them the
software that Two-a-Day had rented to Bobby. .
	Lucas rounded a corner and stopped, Bobby close behind.
They stood in front of a blackened brownstone whose win-
dows had been sealed decades before with sheets of corru-
gated steel. Part of the ground floor had once been a shop of
some kind, its cracked display windows opaque with grime.
The door, between the blind windows, had been reinforced
with the same steel that sealed the windows of the upper
floors, and Bobby thought he could make out some sort of
sign behind the window to his left, discarded neon script
tilted diagonally in the gloom. Lucas just stood there, facing
the doorway, his face expressionless, the tip of his cane
planted neatly on the sidewalk and his large hands one atop
the other on the brass knob. "First thing that you learn," he
said, with the tone of a man reciting a proverb, "is that you
always gotta wait .
	Bobby thought he heard something scrape, behind the door,
and then there was a rattle like chains. "Amazing," Lucas
said, "almost as though we were expected."
	The door swung ten centimeters on well-oiled hinges and
seemed to catch on something. An eye regarded them, un-
blinking, suspended there in that crack of dust and dark, and
at first it seemed to Bobby that it must be the eye of some
large animal, the iris a strange shade of brownish yellow, and
the whites, mottled and shot through with red, the lower lid
gaping redder still below. "Hoodoo man," said the invisible
face the eye belonged to, then, "hoodoo man and some little
lump of shit. Jesus ..~" There was an awful, gurgling
sound, as of antique phlegm being drawn up from hidden
recesses, and then the man spat. "Well, move it, Lucas."
There was another grating sound and the door swung inward
on the dark. "I'm a busy man~.~." This last from a meter
away, receding, as though the eye's owner were scurrying
from the light admitted by the open door.
	Lucas stepped through, Bobby on his heels, Bobby feeling
the door swing smoothly shut behind him. The sudden dark-
ness brought the hairs on his forearms up. It felt alive, that
dark, cluttered and dense and somehow sentient.
	Then a match flared and some sort of pressure lamp hissed
and spat as the gas in its mantle ignited. Bobby could only
gape at the face beyond the lantern, where the bloodshot
yellow eye waited with its mate in what Bobby would very
much have liked to believe was a mask of some kind.
	"I don't suppose you were expecting us, were you, Finn?"
Lucas asked.
	"You wanna know," the face said, revealing large flat
yellow teeth, "I was on my way out to find something to
eat " He looked to Bobby as though he could survive on a
diet of moldering carpet, or burrow patiently through the
brown wood pulp of the damp-swollen books stacked shoulder-
high on either side of the tunnel where they stood. "Who's
the little shit, Lucas?"
	"You know, Finn, Beauvoir and I are experiencing diffi-
culties with something we acquired from you in good faith."
Lucas extended his cane and prodded delicately at a dan-
gerous-looking overhang of crumbling paperbacks.
	"Are you, now?" The Finn pursed his gray lips in mock
concern. "Don't fuck with those first editions, Lucas. You
bring `em down, you pay for `em."
	Lucas withdrew the cane. Its polished ferrule flashed in the
lantern glare.
	"So,'~ the Finn said. "You got problems Funny thing,
Lucas, funny fucking thing." His cheeks were grayish, seamed
with deep diagonal creases. "I got some problems, too, three
of `em. I didn't have `em, this morning. I guess that's just the
way life is, sometimes " He put the hissing lantern down on
a gutted steel filing cabinet and fished a bent, unfiltered
cigarette from a side pocket of something that might once
have been a tweed jacket. "My three problems, they're up-
stairs. Maybe you wanna have a look at them     He struck
a wooden match on the base of the lantern and lit his ciga-
rette. The pungent reek of black Cuban tobacco gathered in
the air between them.

	"You know," the Finn said, stepping over the first of the
bodies, "I been at this location `a long time. Everybody
knows me. They know I'm here You buy from the Finn, you
know who you're buying from. And I stand behind my
product, every time .
	Bobby was staring down at the upturned face of the dead
man, at the eyes gone dull. There was something wrong with
the shape of the torso, wrong with the way it lay there in the
black clothes. Japanese face, no expression, dead eyes .
	"And all that time," the Finn continued, "you know how
many people ever dumb enough to try to get in here to take
me off? None' Not one, not till this morning, and I get
fucking three already. Well," he shot Bobby a hostile glance,
"that's not counting the odd little lump of shit, I guess,
but     He shrugged.
	"He looks kind of lopsided," Bobby said still staring at the
first corpse.
	"That's `cause he's dog food, inside " The Finn leered
"All mashed up."
	"The Finn collects exotic weapons," Lucas said, nudging
the wrist of a second body with the tip of his cane. "Have
you scanned them for implants, Finn?"
	"Yeah. Pain in the butt. Hadda carry `em downstairs to the
back room. Nothing. other than what you'd expect. They're
just a hit team." He sucked his teeth noisily. "Why's any-
body wanna hit me?"
	"Maybe you sold them a very expensive product that
wouldn't do its job," Lucas volunteered.
	"I hope you aren't sayin' you sent `em, Lucas," the Finn
said levelly, "unless you wanna see me do the dog-food
trick."
	"Did I say you'd sold us something that doesn't work?"
	Experiencing difficulties,' you said. And what else have
you guys bought from me recently?"
	"Sorry, Finn, but they're not ours. You know it, too."
	"Yeah, I guess I do So what the fuck's got you down
here, Lucas? You know that stuff you bought wasn't covered
by the usual guarantees

	~You know," said the Finn, after listening to the story of
Bobby's abortive cyberspace run, "that's some weird shit out
there.' He slowly shook his narrow, strangely elongated
head. "Didn~ used to be this way." He looked at Lucas.
"You people know, don't you?"
	They were seated around a square white table in a white
room on the ground floor, behind the junk-clogged storefront.
The floor was scuffed hospital tile, molded in a nonslip
pattern, and the walls broad slabs of dingy white plastic
concealing dense layers of antibugging circuitry. Compared to
the storefront, the white room seemed surgically clean. Sev-
eral alloy tripods bnstling with sensors and scanning gear
stood around the table like abstract sculpture.
	Know what?" Bobby asked. With each retelling of his
story, he felt less like a wilson. Important. It made him feel
Important.
	"Not you, pisshead," the Finn said weanly. ~Him. Big
hoodoo man. He knows. Knows it's not the same. Hasn't
been, not for a long time. I been in the trade forever. Way
back. Before the war, before there was any matrix, or anyway
before people knew there was one." He was looking at Bobby
now. `I got a pair of shoes older than you are, so what the
fuck should I expect you to know? There were cowboys ever
since there were computers. They built the first computers to
crack German ice. nght? Codebreakers. So there was ice
before computers, you wanna look at it that way " He lit his
fifteenth cigarette of the evening, and smoke began to fill the
white room.
	"Lucas knows, yeah. The last seven, eight years, there's
been funny stuff out there, out on the console cowboy circuit.
The new jockeys, they make deals with things, don't they.
Lucas? Yeah, you bet I know; they still need the hard and the
soft, and they still gotta be faster than snakes on ice, but all
of `em, all the ones who really know how to cut it, they got
allies, don't they, Lucas?"
	Lucas took his gold toothpick out of his pocket and began
to work on a rear molar, his face dark and serious.
	"Thnnes and dominions," the Finn said obscurely. "Yeah,
there's things out there. Ghosts, voices Why not? Oceans
had mermaids, all that shit, and we had a sea of silicon, see?
Sure, it's just a tailored hallucination we all agreed to have,
cyberspace, but anybody who jacks in knows, fucking knows
it's a whole universe. And every year it gets a little more
crowded, sounds like
	"For us," Lucas said, "the world has always worked that
way."
	"Yeah" the Finn said, "so you guys could slot right into
it, tell people the things you were cutting deals with were
your same old bush gods
	"Divine Horsemen
	Sure. Maybe you believe it. But I'm old enough to
remember when it wasn't like that. Ten years ago, you went
in the Gentleman Loser and tried telling any of the top jocks
you talked with ghosts in the matrix, they'd have figured you
were crazy."
	"A wilson," Bobby put in. feeling left out and no longer
as Important.
	The Finn looked at him, blankly. "A what?"
	"A wilson A fuck-up. It's hotdogger talk, I guess
Did it again. Shit.
	The Finn gave him a very strange look. "Jesus. That's
your word for it, huh? Christ I know the guy
`Who?"
	"Bodine Wilson," he said. `First guy I ever knew wound
up as a figure of speech."
	"Was he stupid?" Bobby asked, immediately regretting it
	"Stupid? Shit, no, he was smart as hell." The Finn stubbed
his cigarette out in a cracked ceramic Campan ashtray. lust
a total fuck-up, was all He worked with the Dixie Flatline
once      The bloodshot yellow eyes grew distant.
	"Finn," Lucas said, ~where did you get that icebreaker
you sold us?"
	The Finn regarded him bleakly. "Forty years in the busi-
ness, Lucas. You know how many times I've been asked that
question? You know how many times I'd be dead if I'd
answered it?"
	Lucas nodded. "I take your point. But at the same time, I
put one to you." He held the toothpick out toward the Finn
like a toy dagger. "The real reason you're willing to sit here
and bullshit is that you think those three stiffs upstairs have
something to do with the icebreaker you sold us. And you sat
up and took special notice when Bobby told you about his
mother's condo getting wiped, didn't you?"
	The Finn showed teeth "Maybe."
	"Somebody's got you on their list, Finn. Those three dead
ninjas upstairs cost somebody a lot of money. When they
don't come back, somebody'll be even more determined,
Finn."
	The red-rimmed yellow eyes blinked. "They were all tooled
up," he said, "ready for a hit, but one of `em had some other
things. Things for asking questions " His nicotine-stained
fingers, almost the color of cockroach wings, came up to
slowly massage his short upper lip. "I got it off Wigan
Ludgate," he said, "the Wig."
	"Never heard of him," Lucas said.
	"Crazy little motherfucker," the Finn said, "used to be a
cowboy"

	How it was, the Finn began, and to Bobby it was all
infinitely absorbing, even better than listening to Beauvoir
and Lucas, Wigan Ludgate had had five years as a top jock,
which is a decent run for a cyberspace cowboy. Five years
tends to find a cowboy either rich or brain-dead, or else
financing a stable of younger cracksmen and strictly into the
managerial side. The Wig, in his first heat of youth and
glory, had stormed off on an extended pass through the rather
sparsely occupied sectors of the matrix representing those
geographical areas which had once been known as the Third
World.
	Silicon doesn't wear out; microchips were effectively im-
mortal. The Wig took notice of the fact. Like every other
child of his age, however, he knew that silicon became
obsolete, which was worse than wearing out; this fact was a
grim and accepted constant for the Wig, like death or taxes,
and in fact he was usually more worried about his gear falling
behind the state of the art than he was about death (he was
twenty-two) or taxes (he didn't file, although he paid a Singa-
pore money laundry a yearly percentage that was roughly
equivalent to the income tax he would have been required to
pay if he'd declared his gross). The Wig reasoned that all that
obsolete silicon had to be going somewhere. Where it was
going, he learned, was into any number of very poor places
struggling along with nascent industrial bases. Nations so
benighted that the concept of nation was still taken seriously.
The Wig punched himself through a couple of African back-
waters and felt like a shark cruising a swimming pool thick
with caviar. Not that any one of those tasty tiny eggs arnounted
to much, but you could just open wide and scoop, and it was
easy and filling and it added up. The Wig worked the Afri-
cans for a week, incidentally bringing about the collapse of at
least three governments and causing untold human suffering.
At the end of his week, fat with the crearn of several million
laughably tiny bank accounts, he retired. As he was going
out, the locusts were coming in; ofher people had gotten the
African idea.
	The Wig sat on the beach at Cannes for two years, ingest-
ing only the most expensive designer drugs and periodically
flicking on a tiny Hosaka television to study the bloated
bodies of dead Africans with a strange and curiously innocent
intensity. At some point, no one could quite say where or
when or why, it began to be noted that the Wig had gone over
the edge. Specifically, the Finn said, the Wig had become
convinced that God lived in cyberspace, or perhaps that
cyberspace was God, or some new manifestation of same.
The Wig's ventures into theology tended to be marked by
major paradigm shifts, true leaps of faith. The Finn had some
idea of what the Wig was about in those days; shortly after
his conversion to his new and singular faith, Wigan Ludgate
had returned to the Sprawl and embarked on an epic if
somewhat random voyage of cybernetic discovery. Being a
former console jockey, he knew where to go for the very best
in what the Finn called the hard and the soft. The Finn
provided the Wig with all manner of both, as the Wig was
still a rich man. The Wig explained to the Finn that his
technique of mystical exploration involved projecting his con-
sciousness into blank, unstructured sectors of the matrix and
waiting. To the man's credit, the Finn said, he never actually
claimed to have met God, although he did maintain that he
had on several occasions sensed His presence moving upon
the face of the grid. In due course, the Wig ran out of money.

His spiritual quest having alienated the few remaining busi-
ness connections from his pre-African days, he sank without a
trace.
	"But then he turned up one day," the Finn said, "crazy as
a shithouse rat. He was a pale little fucker anyway, but now
he wore all this African shit, beads and bones and every-
thing." Bobby let go of the Finn's narrative long enough to
wonder how anyone who looked like the Finn could describe
somebody as a pale little fucker, then glanced over at Lucas,
whose face was dead grim. Then it occurred to Bobby that
Lucas might take the Africa stuff personally, sort of. But the
Finn was continuing his story.
	"He had a lot of stuff he wanted to sell. Decks, peripher-
als, software. It was all a couple of years old, but it was top
gear, so I gave him a price on it. I noticed he'd had a socket
implant, and he kept this one sliver of microsoft jacked
behind his ear. What's the soft? It's blank, he says. He's
sitting right where you are now, kid, and he says to me, it's
blank and it's the voice of God, and I live forever in His
white hum, or some shit like that. So I think, Christ, the
Wig's gone but good now, and there he is counting up the
money I'd given him for about the fifth time. Wig, I said,
time's money but tell me what you intend to do now? Be-
cause I was curious. Known the guy years, in a business way
Finn, he says, I gotta get up the gravity well, God's up there.
I mean, he says, He's everywhere but there's too much static
down here, it obscures His face. Right, I say. you got it. So I
show him the door and that's it. Never saw him again."
	Bobby blinked, waited, squirmed a little on the hard seat of
the folding chair.
	"Except, about a year later, a guy turns up, high-orbit
rigger down the well on a leave, and he's got some good
software for sale. Not great, but interesting. He says it's from
the Wig. Well, maybe the Wig's a freak, and long out of the
game, but he can still spot the good shit. So I buy it. That
was maybe ten years ago, right? And every year or so, some
guy would turn up with something. `The Wig told me I
should offer you this.' And usually I'd buy it. It was never
anything special, but it was okay. Never the same guy bring-
ing it, either."
	"Was that it, Finn, just software?" Lucas asked
	"Yeah, mainly, except for these weird sculpture things. I'd
forgotten that. I figured the Wig made `em. First time a guy
came in with one of those, I bought the `ware he had, then
said what the fuck do you call that? Wig said you might be
interested, the guy said. Tell him he's crazy, I said. The guy
laughed. Well, you keep it, he says I'm not carrying the
Goddamn thing back up with me. I mean, it was about the
size of a deck, this thing, just a bunch of garbage and shit,
stuck together in a box . . . So I pushed it behind this Coke
crate fulla scrap iron, and forgot it, except old Smith-he's a
colleague of mine in those days, dealt mostly art and collecti-
bleshe sees it and wants it. So we do some dipshit deal.
Any more of these, Finn, he says, get `em. There's assholes
uptown go for this kind of shit. So the next time a guy turned
up from the Wig, I bought the sculpture thing, too, and traded
it to Smith. But it was never much money for any of it . .
The Finn shrugged. "Not until last month, anyway. Some kid
came in with what you bought. It was from the Wig. Listen.
he says, this is biosoft and its a bfeaker. Wig says it's worth 
a lot. I put a scan on it and it looked right. I thought it looked
interesting, you know? Your partner Beauvoir thought it looked
pretty interesting, too. I bought it. Beauvoir bought it off me.
End of story." The Finn dragged out a cigarette, this one
broken, bent double. "Shit," he said He pulled a faded pack
of cigarette papers from the same pocket and extracted one of
the fragile pink leaves, rolling it tightly around the broken
cigarette, a sort of splint. When he licked the glue, Bobby
caught a glimpse of a very pointed gray-pink tongue.
	"And where, Finn, does Mr. Wig reside?" Lucas asked,
his thumbs beneath his chin, his large fingers forming a
steeple in front of his face.
	"Lucas, I haven't got the slightest fucking clue. In orbit
somewhere. And modestly, if the kind of money he was
getting out of me meant anything to him. You know, I hear
there's places up there where you don't need money, if you
fit into the economy, so maybe a little goes a long way. Don't
ask me, though, I'm agoraphobic." He smiled nastily at
Bobby, who was trying to get the image of that tongue out of
his mind. "You know," he said, squinting at Lucas, "it was
about that time that I started hearing about weird shit happen-
ing in the matrix."
	"Like what?" Bobby asked.
	"Keep the fuck out of this," the Finn said, still looking at
Lucas. "That was before you guys turned up, the new hoo-
doo team. I knew this street samurai got a job working for a
Special Forces type made the Wig look flat fucking normal.
Her and this cowboy they'd scraped up out of Chiba, they
were on to something like that. Maybe they found it. Istanbul
was the last I saw of `em. Heard she lived in London, once, a
few years ago. Who the fuck knows? Seven, eight years."
The Finn suddenly seemed tired, and old, very old. He
looked to Bobby like a big, mummified rat animated by
springs and hidden wires. He took a wristwatch with a cracked
face and a single greasy leather strap from his pocket and
consulted it. "Jesus. Well, that's all you get from me. Lucas.
I've got some friends from an organ bank coming by in
twenty minutes to talk a little biz."
	Bobby thought of the bodies upstairs. They'd been there all
day.
	"Hey," the Finn said, reading the expression on his face,
"organ banks are great for getting rid of things. I'm paying
them. Those motherless assholes upstairs, they don't have too
much left in the way of organs ..."And the Finn laughed

	"You said he was close to . . . Legba? And Legba's the
one you and Beauvoir said gave me luck when I hit that black
ice?"
	Beyond the honeycomb edge of the geodesics, the sky was
lightening.
	"Yes," Lucas said. He seemed lost in thought.
	"But he doesn't seem to trust that stuff at all."
	"It doesn't matter," Lucas said as the Rolls came into
view. "He's always been close to the spirit of the thing."

THE PLANE HAD GONE to ground near the sound of running
water. Turner could hear it, turnin'g in the g-web in his fever
or sleep, water down stone, one of the oldest songs The
plane was smart, smart as any dog, with hard-wired instincts
of concealment. He felt it sway on its landing gear, some-
where in the sick night, and creep forward, branches brushing
and scraping against the dark canopy. The plane crept into
deep green shadow and sank down on its knees, its airframe
whining and creaking as it flattened itself, belly down, into
loam and granite like a manta ray into sand. The mimetic
polycarbon coating its wings and fuselage mottled and dark-
ened, taking on the colors and patterns of moon-dappled stone
and forest soil. Finally it was silent, and the only sound was
the sound of water over a creekbed .

	He came awake like a machine, eyes opening, vision plugged
in, empty, remembering the red flash of Lynch's death out
beyond the fixed sights of the Smith & Wesson. The arc of
the canopy above him was laced with mimetic approximations
of leaves and branches Pale dawn and the sound of running
water He was still wearing Oakey's blue work shirt It
smelled of sour sweat now, and he'd ripped the sleeves out
the day before. The gun lay between his legs, pointing at the
jet's black joystick. The g-web was a limp tangle around his
hips and shoulders. He twisted around and saw the girl, oval
face and a brown dried trickle of blood beneath a nostril She
was still out, sweating, her lips slightly parted, like a 
doll's.

	"Where are we?"
	"We are fifteen meters south-southeast of the landing coordi-
nates you provided," the plane said. "You were unconscious
again. I opted for concealment."
	He reached back and removed the interface plug from his
socket, breaking his link with the plane. He gazed dully
around the cockpit until he found the manual controls for the
canopy. It sighed up on servos, the lacework of polycarbon
leaves shifting as it moved. He got his leg over the side,
looked down at his hand flat against the fuselage at the edge
of the cockpit Polycarbon reproduced the gray tones of a
nearby boulder; as he watched, it began to paint a hand-sized
patch the color of his palm He pulled his other leg over, the
gun forgotten on the seat, and slid down into earth and long
sweet grass. Then he slept again, his forehead against the
grass and dreamed of running water.
	When he woke, he was crawling forward on his hands and
knees, through low branches heavy with dew. Finally he
reached a cleanng and pitched forward, rolling over, his arms
spread in what felt like surrender. High above him, something
small and gray launched itself from one branch, caught an-
other, swung there for an instant, then scrambled away, out
of his sight.
	Lie still, he heatti a voice telling him, years away. Just lay
out and relax and pretty soon they'll forget you, forget you in
the gray and the dawn and the dew. They're out to feed, feed
and play, and their brains can't hold two messages, not for
long. He lay there on his back, beside his brother, the nylon-
stocked Winchester across his chest, breathing the smell of
new brass and gun oil, the smell of their campfire still in his
hair. And his brother was always right, about the squirrels.
They came. They forgot the clear glyph of death spelled out
below them in patched denim and blue steel; they came,
racing along limbs, pausing to sniff the morning, and Turner's
.22 cracked, a limp gray body tumbling down. The others
scattered, vanishing, and Turner passed the gun to his brother.
Again, they waited, waited for the squirrels to forget them.
	"You're like me," Turner said to the squirrels, bobbing up
out of his dream. One of them sat up suddenly on a fat limb
and looked directly at him. "I always come back." The
squirrel hopped away. "I was coming back when I ran from
the Dutchman. I was coming back when I flew to Mexico. I
was coming back when I killed Lynch
	He lay there for a long time, watching the squirrels, while
the woods woke and the morning warmed around him. A
crow swept in, banking, braking with feathers it spread like
black mechanical fingers. Checking to see if he were dead.
	Turner grinned up at the crow as it flapped away.
	Not yet.

	He crawled back in, under the overhanging branches, and
found her sitting up in the cockpit. She wore a baggy white
T-shirt slashed diagonally with the MAAS-NEOTEK logo. There
were lozenges of fresh red blood across the front of the shirt.
Her nose was bleeding again. Bright blue eyes, dazed and
disoriented, in sockets bruised yellow-black, like exotic 
makeup.
	Young, he saw, very young.
	"You're Mitchell's daughter," he said, dragging the name
up from the biosoft dossier. "Angela."
	"Angie," she said, automaticalfy "Who' re you? I'm bleed-
ing. She held out a bloody carnation of wadded tissue.
	"Turner. I was expecting your father." Remembering the
gun now, her other hand out of sight, below the edge of the
cockpit. "Do you know where he isV
	"In the mesa. He thought he could talk with them, explain
it Because they need him."
	"With who?" He took a step forward.
	"Maas. The Board. They can't afford to hurt him. Can
they?"
	"Why would they'?" Another step
	She dabbed at her nose with the red tissue. "Because he
sent me out. Because he knew they were going to hurt me,
kill me maybe. Because of the dreams."
	"The dreams'?"
	"Do you think they'll hurt him?"
	"No, no, they wouldn't do that. I'm going to climb up
there now. Okay?"
	She nodded. He had to run his hands over the side of the
fuselage to find the shallow, recessed handholds; the mimetic
coating showed him leaf and lichen, twigs . And then he
was up, beside her, and he saw the gun beside her sneakered
foot. "But wasn't he coming himself? I was expecting him.
your father''
	"No. We never planned that. We only had the one plane.
Didn't he tell you?" She started to shake. "Didn't he tell you
anything?"

	"Enough," he said, putting his hand on her shoulder, "he
told us enough. It'll be all right .." He swung his legs
over, bent, moved the Smith & Wesson away from her foot.
and found the interface cable. His hand still on her, he raised
it, snapped it into place behind his ear.
	`Give me the procedures for erasing anything you stored in
the past forty-eight hours," he said. "I want to dump that
course for Mexico City, your flight from the coast, any-
thing .
	"There was no plan logged for Mexico City," the voice
said, direct neural input on audio.
	Turner stared at the girl, rubbed his jaw.
	"Where were we going?"
	~Bogot6," and the jet reeled out coordinates for the land-
ing they hadn't made
	She blinked at him, her lids bruised dark as the surrounding
skin. `Who are you talking to?"
	"The plane. Did Mitchell tell you where he thought you'd
be going""
	"Japan
	Know anyone in Bogota? Where's your mother?"
	"No. Berlin, I think. I don't really know her."

	He wiped the plane's banks, dumping Conroy's program-
ming, what there was of it: the approach from California,
identification data for the site, a flight plan that would have
taken them to a stnp within three hundred kilometers of
Bogota's urban core
	Someone would find the jet eventually. He thought about
the Maas orbital recon system and wondered if the stealth-
and-evasion programs he'd ordered the plane to run had done
any real good. He could offer the jet to Rudy for salvage, but
he doubted Rudy would want to be involved. For that matter,
simply showing up at the farm, with Mitchell's daughter in
tow, dragged Rudy in right up to his neck But there was
nowhere else to go, not for the things he needed now.
	It was a four-hour walk, along half-remembered trails and
down a weed-grown, winding stretch of two-lane blacktop.
The trees were different, it seemed to him, and then he
remembered how much they would have grown over the years
since he'd been back. At regular intervals they passed the
stumps of wooden poles that had once supported telephone
wires, overgrown now with bramble and honeysuckle, the
wires pulled down for fuel. Bees grazed in flowering grass at
the roadside
	"Is there food where we're going?" the girl asked, the
soles of her white sneakers scuffing the weathered blacktop.
	"Sure," Turner said, "all you want."
	"What I want right now's water." She swiped a lank
strand of brown hair back from a tanned cheek. He'd noticed
she was developing a limp, and she'd started to wince each
time she put her right foot down.
	"What's wrong with your leg?"
	"Ankle. Something, I think when I decked the `light " She
grimaced, kept walking.
	"We'll rest."
	"No. I want to get there, get anywhere
	"Rest, he said, taking her hand, leading her to the edge
of the road. She made a face, but sat down beside him, her
right leg stretched carefully in froflt of her.
	"That's a big gun," she said. It was hot now, too hot for
the parka. He'd put the shoulder rig on bareback, with the
sleeveless work shirt over it, tails out and flapping. "Why's
the barrel look like that, like a cobra's head, underneath?"
	"That's a sighting device, for night-fights." He leaned
forward to examine her ankle. It was swelling quickly now.
"I don't know how much longer you'll want to walk on
that," he said.
	"You get into a lot of fights, at night? With guns?"
	"No."
	"I don't think I understand what it is that you do
	He looked up at her. I don't always understand that
myself, not lately I was expecting your father. He wanted to
change companies, work for somebody else. The people he
wanted to work for hired me and some other people to make
sure he got out of his old contract."
	"But there wasn't any way out of that contract," she said.
"Not legally."
	"That's right " Undoing the knot, unlacing the sneaker
"Not legally
	"Oh So that's what you do for a living?"
	"Yes." Sneaker off now, she wore no sock, the ankle
swelling badly. "This is a sprain
	`What about the other people, then? You had more peoples
back there, in that ruin? Somebody was shooting, and those
flares . .

	"Hard to say who was shooting," he said, "but the flares
weren't ours. Maybe Maas security team, following you out.
Did you think you got out clean?"
	"I did what Chris told me," she said. "Chris, that's my
father."
	"I know. I think I'm going to have to carry you the rest of
the way."
	"But what about your friends?"
	"What friends?"
	"Back there, in Arizona."
	"Right. Well," and he wiped sweat from his forehead with
the back of his hand, "can't say. Don't really know."
	Seeing the white-out sky, flare of energy, brighter than the
sun. But no pulse of electromagnetics, the plane had said
The first of Rudy's augmented dogs picked them up fifteen
minutes after they started out again. Angie riding Turner's
back, arms around his shoulders, skinny thighs under his
armpits, his fingers locked in front of his sternum in a double
fist. She smelled like a kid from the up-line `burbs, some
vaguely herbal hint of soap or shampoo. Thinking that, he
thought about what he must smell like to her. Rudy had a
shower
"Oh, shit, what's that?" Stiffening on his back, pointing.
	A lean gray hound regarded them from a high clay bank at
a turning in the road, its narrow head sheathed and blindered
in a black hood studded with sensors. It panted, tongue
lolling, and slowly swung its head from side to side.
	"It's okay," Turner said. "Watchdog. Belongs to my
friend."

	The house had grown, sprouting wings and workshops, but
Rudy had never painted the peeling clapboard of the original
structure. Rudy had thrown up a taut square of chainlink,
since Turner's time, fencing away his collection of vehicles,
but the gate was open when they arrived, the hinges lost in
morning glory and rust. The real defenses, Turner knew.
were elsewhere. Four of the augmented hounds trotted after
him as he trudged up the gravel drive, Angie's head limp on
his shoulder, her arms still locked around him.
	Rudy was waiting on the front porch, in old white shorts
and a navy T-shirt, its single pocket displaying at least nine
pens of one kind or another. He looked at them and raised a
green can of Dutch beer in greeting. Behind him, a blonde in
a faded khaki shirt stepped out of the kitchen, a chrome
spatula in her hand; her hair was clipped short, swept up and
back in a cut that made Turner think of the Korean medic in
Hosaka's pod, of the pod burning, of Webber, of the white
sky . . He swayed there, in Rudy's gravel driveway, legs
wide to support the girl, his bare chest streaked with sweat,
with dust from the mall in Arizona, and looked at Rudy and
the blonde.
	"We got some breakfast for you," Rudy said. "When you
came up on the dog screens, we figured you'd be hungry
His tone was carefully noncommittal.
	The girl groaned.
	"That's good," Turner said. "She's got a bum ankle.
Rudy. We better look at that. Some other things I have to talk
to you about, too."
	"Little young for you. I'd say," Rudy said, and took
another swig of his beer.
	"Fuck off, Rudy," the woman beside him said, "can't you
see she's hurt? Bring her in this way," she said to Turner,
and was gone, back through the kitchen door.
	"You look different," Rudy said, peering at him, and
Turner saw that he was drunk. "The same, but different."
	"It's been a while," Turner said, starting for the wooden
steps.
	"You get a face job or something""
	"Reconstruction. They had to build it back from records
He climbed the steps, his lower back stabbed through with
pain at every move.
	"It's not bad," Rudy said. "I almost didn't notice." He
belched. He was shorter than Turner, and going to fat, but
they had the same brown hair, very similar features.
	Turner paused, on the stair, when their eyes were level.
"You still do a little bit of everything. Rudy? I need this kid
scanned. I need a few other things, too."
	"Well," his brother said, "we'll see what we can do. We
heard something last night. Maybe a sonic boom. Anything to
do with you?"
	"Yeah. There's a jet up by the squirrel wood, but it's
pretty well out of sight
	Rudy sighed "Jesus . . . Well, bring her in . .

	Rudy's years in the house had stripped it of most of the
things that Turner might have remembered, and something in
him was obscurely grateful for that. He watched the blonde
crack eggs into a steel bowl, dark yellow free-range yolks;
Rudy kept his own chickens. "I'm Sally," she said, whisking
the eggs around with a fork.
	"Turner."
	`That's all he ever calls you either," she said. "He never
has talked about you much
	"We haven't kept all that much in touch. Maybe I should
go up now and help him."
	"You sit. Your little girl's okay with Rudy. He's got a
good touch."
	"Even when he's pissed?"
	"Half pissed. Well, he's not going to operate, just derm
her and tape that ankle." She crushed dry tortilla chips into a
black pan, over sizzling butter, and poured the eggs on top.
"What happened to your eyes, Turner? You and her .
She stirred the mixture with the chrome spatula, slopping in
salsa from a plastic tub.
	"G-force. Had to take off quick
	"That how she hurt her ankle?"
	"Maybe. Don't know."
	"People after you now? After her?" Busy taking plates
from the cabinet above the sink, the cheap brown laminate of
the cabinet doors triggering a sudden rush of nostalgia in
Turner, seeing her tanned wrists as his mother's. .
	"Probably," he said. "I don't know what's involved, not
yet."
	"Eat some of this." Transferring the mixture to a white
plate, rummaging for a fork. "Rudy's scared of the kind of
people you might get after you."
	Taking the plate, the fork. Steam rising from the eggs. "So
am I."

	"Got some clothes," Sally said, over the sound of the
shower, "friend of Rudy's left `em here, ought to fit you.
The shower was gravity-operated, rainwater from a roof tank,
a fat white filtration unit strapped into the pipe above the
spray head. Turner stuck his head out between cloudy sheets
of plastic and blinked at her. "Thanks."
	"Girl's unconscious," she said. "Rudy thinks it's shock,
exhaustion. He says her crits are high, so he might as well
run his scan now." She left the room then, taking Turner's
fatigues and Oakey's shirt with her.
* * *

	"What is she?" Rudy extending a crumpled scroll of sil-
very printout.
	"I don't know how to read that," Turner said, looking
amund the white room, looking for Angie. "Where is she?"
	"Sleeping. Sally's watching her." Rudy turned and walked
back, the length of the room, and Turner remembered it had
been the living room once. Rudy began to shut his consoles
down, the tiny pilot lights blinking out one by one. "I don't
know, man. I just don't know. What is it, some kind of
cancer?"
	Turner followed him down the room, past a worktable
where a micromanipulator waited beneath its dustcover Past
the dusty rectangular eyes of a bank of aged monitors, one of
them with a shattered screen.
	"It's all through her head," Rudy said "Like long chains
of it. It doesn't look like anything I've ever seen, ever.
Nothing
	"How much do you know about biochips, Rudy?"
	Rudy grunted. He seemed very sober now, but tense,
agitated. He kept running his hands back through his hair
"That's what I thought. It's some kind of . . . Not an im-
plant. Graft."
	"What's it for?"
	"For? Christ Who the fuck knows? Who did it to her?
Somebody you work for?"
	"Her father, I think."
	"Jesus." Rudy wiped his hand across his mouth. "It shad-
ows like tumor, on the scans, but her crits are high enough,
normal What's she like, ordinanly?"
	"Don't know. A kid." He shrugged.
	"Fucking hell," Rudy said. "I'm amazed she can walk."
He opened a little lab freezer and came up with a frosted
bottle of Moskovskaya "Want it out of the bottle?" he
asked.
	"Maybe later."
	Rudy sighed, looked at the bottle, then returned it to the
fridge. "So what do you want? Anything as weird as what's
in that little girl's head, somebody's going to be after it 
soon.
If they aren't already."
	"They are," Turner said. "I don't know if they know
she's here."
	"Yet." Rudy wiped his palms on his grubby white shorts.
"But they probably will, right?"
	Turner nodded.
	"Where you going to go, then?"
	"The Sprawl."
	"Why""
	"Because I've got money there I've got credit lines in four
different names, no way to link `em back to me Because I've
got a lot of other connections I may be able to use. And
because it's always cover, the Sprawl. So damned much of it,
you know?"
	"Okay," Rudy said. "When?"
	"You that womed about it, you want us right out?"
	"No I mean, I don't know It's all pretty interesting,
what's in your girl friend's head. I've got a friend in Atlanta
could rent me a function analyzer, brain map, one to one; put
that on her, I might start to figure out what that thing is .
Might be worth something."
	"Sure If you knew where to sell it."
	"Aren't you curious? I mean, what the hell is she? You
pull her out of some military lab?" Rudy opened the white
freezer door again, took out the bottle of vodka, opened it,
and took a swallow.
	Turner took the bottle and tilted it, letting the icy fluid
splash against his teeth. He swallowed, shuddered. "It's
corporate. Big. I was supposed to get her father out, but he
sent her instead Then somebody took the whole site out,
looked like a baby nuke. We just made it. This far." He
handed Rudy the bottle. "Stay straight for me, Rudy You
get scared, you drink too much."
	Rudy was staring at him, ignoring the bottle. "Arizona,"
he said "It was on the news. Mexico's still kicking about it.
But it wasn't a nuke. They've had crews out there, all over it.
No nuke."
	"What was it'~"
	"They think it was a railgun They think somebody put up
a hypervelocity gun in a cargo blimp and blew hell out of
some derelict mall out there in the boonies. They know there
was a blimp near there, and so far nobody's found it You can
rig a railgun to blow itself to plasma when it discharges. The
projectile could have been damn near anything, at those
velocities. About a hundred and fifty kilos of ice would do
the trick." He took the bottle, capped it, and put it down on
the counter beside him. "All that land around there, it be-
longs to Maas, Maas Biolabs, doesn't it? They've been on the
news, Maas. Cooperating fully with various authorities. You
bet. So that tells us where you got your little honey from, I
guess."
	"Sure. But it doesn't tell me who used the railgun Or
why."
	Rudy shrugged.
	"You better come see this," Sally said from the door.

	Much later, Turner sat with Sally on the front porch. The
girl had lapsed, finally, into something Rudy's EEG called
sleep. Rudy was back in one of his workshops, pmbably with
his bottle of vodka. There were fireflies around the hon-
eysuckle vines beside the chainlink gate Turner found that if
he half closed his eyes, from his seat on the wooden porch
swing, he could almost see an apple' tree that was no longer
there, a tree that had once supported a length of silvery-gray
hemp rope and an ancient automobile tire There were fire-
flies then as well, and Rudy's heels thumping a bare hard skid
of earth as he pumped himself out on the swing's arc, legs
kicking, and Turner lay on his back in the grass, watching the
stars. .
	"Tongues," Sally said, Rudy's woman, from the creaking
rattan chair, her cigarette a red eye in the dark "Talking in
the tongues."
	"What's that?"
	"What your kid was doing, upstairs. You know any
French?"
	"No, not much. Not without a lexicon."
	"Some of it sounded French to me." The red amber was a
short slash for an instant, when she tapped ash "When I was
little, my old man took me one time to this stadium, and I
saw the testifying and the speaking in tongues. It scared me I
think it scared me more, today, when she started
	"Rudy taped the end of it, didn't he?"
	"Yeah. You know, Rudy hasn't been doing too good.
That's mainly why I moved back in here. I told him I wasn't
staying unless he straightened himself out, but then it got real
bad, so about two weeks ago I moved back in. I was about
ready to go when you showed up" The coal of the cigarette
arced out over the railing and fell on the gravel that covered
the yard.
	"Drinking?"
	"That and the stuff he cooks for himself in the lab You
know, that man knows a little bit of damn near everything.
He's still got a lot of friends, around the county; I've heard
`em tell stories about when you and him were kids, before
you left."
	"He should have left, too," he said.
	"He hates the city," she said. "Says it all comes in on line
anyway, so why do you need to go there?"
	"I went because there was nothing happening here Rudy
could always find something to do. Still can, by the look of
it.''

	"You should've stayed in touch. He wanted you here when
your mother was dying."
	"I was in Berlin. Couldn't leave what I was doing
	"I guess not. I wasn't here then either I came later. That
was a good summer. Rudy just pulled me out of this sleaze-
ass club in Memphis; came in there with a bunch of country
boys one night. and next day I was back here, didn't really
know why. Except he was nice to me, those days, and funny,
and he gave my head a chance to slow down. He taught me to
cook." She laughed. "I liked that, except I was scared of
those Goddamn chickens out back." She stood up then and
stretched, the old chair creaking, and he was aware of the
length of her tanned legs, the smell and summer heat of her,
close to his face.
	She put her hands on his shoulders. His eyes were level
with the band of brown belly where her shorts rode low, her
navel a soft shadow, and remembering Allison in the white
hollow room, he wanted to press his face there, taste it
all . He thought she swayed slightly, but he wasn't sure.
	"Turner," she said, "sometimes bein' here with him, it's
like bein' here alone .
	So he stood, rattle of the old swing chain where the eye-
bolts were screwed deep in the tongue and groove of the
porch roof, bolts his father might have turned forty years
before, and kissed her mouth as it opened, cut loose in time
by talk and the fireflies and the subliminal triggers of mem-
ory, so that it seemed to him, as he ran his palms up the
warmth of her bare back, beneath the white T-shirt, that the
people in his life weren't beads strung on a wire of sequence,
but clustered like quanta, so that he knew her as well as he'd
known Rudy, or Allison, or Conroy, as well as he knew the
girl who was Mitchell's daughter.
	"Hey," she whispered, working her mouth free, "you
come upstairs now "

ALAiN PHONED AT FIVE and verified the availability of the
amount he required, fighting to control the sickness she felt at
his greed. She copied the address carefully on the back of a
card she'd taken from Picard's desk in the Roberts Gallery.
Andrea returned from work ten minutes later, and Marly was
glad that her friend hadn't been there for Alain's call.
	She watched Andrea prop up the kitchen window with a
frayed, blue-backed copy of the second volume of the Shorter
Oxford English Dictionary, sixth edition. Andrea had wedged
a kind of plywood shelf there, on the stone ledge, wide
enough to support the little hibachi she kept beneath the sink.
Now she was arranging the black squares of charcoal neatly
on the grate. "I had a talk about your employer today," she
said, placing the hibachi on the plywood and igniting the
greenish fire-starter paste with the spark gun from the stove.
"Our academic was in from Nice. He's baffled as to why I'd
choose Josef Virek as my focus of interest, but he's also a
horny old goat, so he was more than glad to talk."
	Marly stood beside her, watching the nearly invisible flames
lick around the coals.
	"He kept dragging the Tessier-Ashpools into it," Andrea
continued, "and Hughes. Hughes was mid to late twentieth
century, an American. He's in the book as well, as a sort of
proto-Virek I hadn't known that Tessier-Ashpool had started
to disintegrate     She went back to the counter and un-
wrapped six large tiger prawns.
	"They're Franco-Australian? I remember a documentary, I
think They own one of the big spas?"

	"Freeside. It's been sold now, my professor tells me. It
seems that one of old Ashpool's daughters somehow managed
to gain personal control of the entire business entity, became
increasingly eccentric, and the clan's interests went to hell.
This over the past seven years."
	"I don't see what it has to do with Virek," Marly said,
watching Andrea skewer each prawn on a long needle of
bamboo.
	"Your guess is as good as mine. My professor maintains
that both Virek and the Tessier-Ashpools are fascinating anach-
ronisms and that things can be learned about corporate evolu-
tion by watching them. He's convinced enough of our senior
editors, at any rate
	"But what did he say about Virek?"
	"That Virek's madness would take a different form."
"Madness?"
	"Actually, he avoided calling it'that. But Hughes was mad
as birds, apparently, and old Ashpool as well, and his daugh-
ter totally bizarm. He said that Virek would be forced, by
evolutionary pressures, to make some sort of `jump.' `Jump
was his word."
	"Evolutionary pressures?"
	"Yes," Andrea said, carrying the skewered prawns to the
hibachi. "He talks about corporations as though they were
animals of some kind."

	After dinner, they went out walking. Marly found herself
straining, at times, to sense the imagined mechanism of Virek's
surveillance, but Andrea filled the evening with her usual
warmth and common sense, and Marly was grateful to walk
through a city where things were simply themselves. In Virek's
world, what could be simple? She remembered the brass knob
in the Galerie Duperey, how it had squirmed so indescribably
in her fingers as it drew her into Virek's model of the Parque
Guell. Was he always there, she wondered, in Gaudi's park,
in an afternoon that never ended? Sefior is wealthy. Seiior
enjoys any number of means of manifestation. She shivered in
the warm evening air, moved closer to Andrea.
	The sinister thing about a simstim construct, really, was
that it carried the suggestion that any environment might be
unreal, that the windows of the shopfronts she passed now
with Andrea might be figments. Mirrors, someone had once
said, were in some way essentially unwholesome; constructs
were more so, she decided.
	Andrea paused at a kiosk to buy her English cigarettes and
the new Elle. Marly waited on the pavement, the pedestrian
traffic parting automatically for her, faces sliding past, stu-
dents and businessmen and tourists. Some of them, she as-
sumed, were part of Virek's machine, wired into Paco. Paco
with his brown eyes, his easy way, his seriousness, muscles
moving beneath his broadcloth shirt. Paco, who had worked
for Sefior all his life.
	"What's wrong? You look as though you've just swal-
lowed something." Andrea, stripping the cellophane from her
twenty Silk Cut.
	"No," Marly said, and shivered, "But it occurs to me that
I very nearly did. ."
	And walking home, in spite of Andrea's conversation, her
warmth, the shopwindows had become boxes, each one, con-
structions, like the works of Joseph Cornell or the mysterious
boxmaker Virek sought. the books and furs and Italian cot-
tons arranged to suggest geometries of nameless longing.

	And waking, once again, face smudged into Andrea's couch,
the red quilt humped around her shoulders, smelling coffee,
while Andrea hummed some Tokyo pop song to herself in the
next room, dressing. in a gray morning of Paris rain.

	"No,~' she told Paco, "I'll go myself. I prefer it."
	"That is a great deal of money." He looked down at the
Italian bag on the cafu table between them. "It's dangerous,
you understand?'~
	"There's no one to know I'm carrying it, is there? Only
Alain. Alain and your friends. And I didn't say I'd go alone,
only that I don't feel like company.'
	"Is something wrong?" The serious deep lines at the cor-
ners of his mouth "You are upset?"
	"I only mean that I wish to be by myself. You and the
others, whoever they are, are welcome to follow, to follow
and observe. If you should lose me, which I think unlikely,
I'm sure you have the address."
	"That is true," he said. "But for you to carry several
million New Yen, alone, through Paris     He shrugged.
	"And if I were to lose it? Would Sefior register the loss?
Or would there be another bag, another four million?" She
reached for the shoulder strap and stood.
	"There would be another bag, certainly, although it re-
quires some effort on our part to assemble that amount of
cash. And, no, Se,'ior would not `register' its loss, in the
sense you mean, but I would be disciplined even for the
pointless loss of a lesser sum. The very rich have the common
characteristic of taking care with their money, you will find
	"Nonetheless. I go by myself. Not alone, but leave me
with my thoughts."
	"Your intuition
	"Yes."

	If they followed, and she was sure they did, they were
invisible as ever. For that matter, it seemed most likely that
they would leave Alain unobserved. Certainly the address he
had given her that morning would aWeady be a focus of their
attention, whether he were there or not
	She felt a new strength today She had stood up to Paco It
had had something to do with her abrupt suspicion, the night
before, that Paco might be there, in part, for her, with his
humor and his manliness and his endearing ignorance of art.
She remembered Virek saying that they knew more about her
life than she herself did. What easier way, then, for them to
pencil in those last few blanks in the grid that was Marly
Krushkhova? Paco Estevez. A perfect stranger Too perfect.
She smiled at herself in a wall of blue mirror as the escalator
carried her down into the metro, pleased with the cut of her
dark hair and the stylishly austere titanium frames of the
black Porsche glasses she'd bought that morning. Good lips,
she thought, really not bad lips at all, and a thin boy in a
white shirt and dark leather jacket smiled at her from the up
escalator, a huge black portfolio case beneath his arm
	I'm in Paris, she thought. For the first time in a very long
time, that alone seemed reason to smile. And today I will
give my disgusting fool of a former lover four million New
Yen, and he will give me something in return A name, or an
address, perhaps a phone number. She bought a first-class
ticket; the car would be less crowded, and she could pass the
time guessing which of her fellow passengers belonged to
Virek.
* * *
	The address Alain had given her, in a grim northern sub-
urb. was one of twenty concrete towers rising from a plain of
the same material, speculative real estate from the middle of
the previous century. The rain was falling steadily now, but
she felt as though she were somehow in collusion with it; it
lent the day something conspiratorial, and beaded on the chic
rubber bag stuffed with Alain's fortune. How queer to stroll
through this hideous landscape with millions beneath her arm,
on her way to reward her utterly faithless former lover with
these bales of New Yen.
	There was no answer when she buzzed the apartment's
numbered speaker button. Beyond smudged sheet glass, a
darkened foyer, entirely bare. The sort of place where you
turned the lights on as you entered; they turned themselves off
again, automatically, invariably before your elevator had ar-
rived, leaving you to wait thei'e in the smell of disinfectant
and tired air. She buzzed again. "Alain?" Nothing.
	She tried the door. It wasn't locked. There was no one in
the foyer. The dead eye of a derelict video camera regarded
her through a film of dust. The afternoon's watery light
seeped in from the concrete plain behind her. Bootheels
clicking on brown tile, she crossed to the bank of elevators
and pressed button 22. There was a hollow thump, a metallic
groan, and one of the elevators began to descend. The plastic
indicators above the doors remained unlit. The car arrived
with a sigh and a high-pitched, fading whine. "Cher Alain,
you have come down in the world. This place is the shits,
truly " As the doors slid open on the darkness of the car, she
fumbled beneath the Italian bag for the flap of her Brussels
purse She found the flat little green tin flashlight she'd
carried since her first walk in Paris, with the lion-headed Pile
Wonder trademark embossed on its front, and pulled it out. In
the elevators of Paris, you could step into many things: the
arms of a mugger, a steaming pile of fresh dog shit .
	And the weak beam picking out the silver cables, oiled and
shining, swaying gently in the vacant shaft, the toe of her
right boot already centimeters past the scuffed steel edge of
the tile she stood on; her hand automatically jerking the beam
down in terror, down to the dusty, littered roof of the car, two
levels below She took in an extraordinary amount of detail in
the seconds her flash wavered on the elevator. She thought of
a tiny submarine diving the cliffs of some deep seamount, the
frail beam wavering on a patch of silt undisturbed for cen-
turies: the soft bed of ancient furry soot, a dried gray thing
that was a used condom, the bright reflected eyes of crumpled
bits of tinfoil, the frail gray barrel and white plunger of a
diabetic syringe . . . She held the edge of the door so tightly
that her knuckle joints ached. Very slowly, she shifted her
weight backward, away from the pit. Another step and she
clicked off her light.
	"Damn you," she said. "0 Jesus."
	She found the door to the stairwell. Clicking the little flash
back on, she began to climb. Eight floors up, the numbness
began to fade, and she was shaking, tears ruining her makeup.

	Rapping on the door again. It was pressboard, laminated
with a ghastly imitation of rosewood, the lithographed grain
just visible in the light from the long corridor's single strip 
of
biofluorescence. "Damn you Alain? Alan!" The myopic
fisheye of the door's little spyglass'booking through her, blank
and vacant. The comdor held a homble smell, embalmed
cooking odors trapped in synthetic carpeting.
	Trying the door, knob turning, the cheap brass greasy and
cold, and the bag of money suddenly heavy, the strap cutting
into her shoulder. The door opening easily. A short stretch of
orange carpet flecked with irregular rectangles of salmon-
pink, decades of dirt ground into it in a clearly defined track
by thousands of tenants and their visitors .
	"Alain?" The smell of black French cigarettes, almost
comforting .
	And finding him there in that same watery light, silver
light, the other tower blocks featureless, beyond a rectangle
of window, against pale rainy sky, where he lay curled like a
child on the hideous orange carpet, his spine a question mark
beneath the taut back of his bottle-green velour jacket, his 
left
hand spread above his ear, white fingers, faintest bluish tint 
at
the base of his nails.
	Kneeling, she touched his neck. Knew. Beyond the win-
dow, all the rain sliding down, forever. Cradling his head,
legs open, holding him, rocking, swaying, the dumb sad
animal keening filling the bare rectangle of the room .
And after a time, becoming aware of the sharp thing under
her palm, the neat stainless end of a length of very fine, very
rigid wire, that protruded from his ear and between the spread
cool fingers.
	Ugly, ugly, that was no way to die; it got her up, anger,
her hands like claws To survey the silent room where he had
died. There was no sense of him there, nothing, only his
ragged attach& Opening that, she found two spiral notebooks,
their pages new and clean, an unread but very fashionable
novel, a box of wooden matches, and a half-empty blue
packet of Gauloise. The leather-bound agenda from Browns
was gone. She patted his jacket, slid fingers through his
pockets, but it was gone.
	No, she thought, you wouldn't have written it there, would
you? But you could never remember a number or an address,
could you? She looked around the room again, a weird calm
overtaking her. You had to write things down, but you were
secretive, and you didn't trust my little book from Browns,
no; you'd meet a girl in some cafe and write her number in a
matchbook or on the back of some scrap, and forget it, so that
I found it weeks later, straightening up your things.
	She went into the tiny bedroom. There was a bright red
folding chair and a slab of cheap yellow foam that served as a
bed. The foam was marked with a brown butterfly of men-
strual blood. She lifted it, but there was nothing there
	"You'd have been scared," she said, her voice shaking
with a fury she didn't try to understand, her hands cold,
colder than Alain's, as she ran them down the red wallpaper,
striped with gold, seeking some loose seam, a hiding place
"You poor stupid shit. Poor stupid dead shit
	Nothing. Back into the living room, and amazed, somehow,
that he hadn't moved; expecting him to jump up, hello, waving
a few centimeters of trick wire. She removed his shoes. They
needed resoling, new heels. She looked inside, felt the lining.
Nothing. "Don't do this to me "And back into the bedroom.
The narrow closet. Brushing aside a clatter of cheap white
plastic hangers, a limp shroud of drycleaner's plastic Dragging
the stained bedslab over and standing on it, her heels sinking
into the foam, to slide her hands the length of a pressboard
shelf, and find, in the far corner, a hard little fold of paper,
rectangular and blue. Opening it, noticing how the nails she'd
done so carefully were chipped, and finding the number he'd
written there in green feltpen. It was an empty Gauloise packet.
	There was a knock at the door.
	And then Paco's voice: "Marly? Hello? What has happened?"
	She thrust the number into the waistband of her jeans and
turned to meet his calm, serious eyes.
	"It's Alain," she said, "he's dead."
HE SAW LUCAS for the last time in front of a big old depart-
ment store on Madison Avenue. Thht was how he remem-
bered him, after that, a big black man in a sharp black suit,
about to step into his long black car, one black, softly pol-
ished shoe already on the lush carpet of Ahmed's interior, the
other still on the crumbling concrete of the curb.
	Jackie stood beside Bobby, her face shadowed by the wide
brim of her gold-hung fedora, an orange silk headscarf knot-
ted at the back of her neck.
	"You take care of our young friend, now," Lucas said,
pointing the knob of his cane at her. "He's not without his
enemies, our Count."
	"Who is?" Jackie asked.
	"I'll take care of myself," Bobby said, resenting the idea
of Jackie being seen as more capable, yet at the same time
knowing that she almost certainly was.
	"You do that," Lucas said, the knob swinging, lined up now
with Bobby's eyes. "Sprawltown's a twisty place, my man
Things are seldom what they seem." To illustrate his point,
he did something to the cane that caused the long brass splines
below the ball to open smoothly. for an instant, silently,
extended like the ribs of an umbrella, each one glinting sharp
as a razor, pointed like needles. Then they were gone, and
Ahmed's wide door swung shut with an armor-plated thud.
	Jackie laughed. "Shee-it. Lucas still carryin' that killin'
stick. Bigtime lawyer now, but the street leaves a mark on
you. Guess it's a good thing . .
"Lawyer?"
	She looked at him. "You never mind, honey. You just
come with me, do like I tell you, you be okay."
	Ahmed merged with the sparse traffic, a pedicab jockey
blaring pointlessly at the receding brass bumper with a hand-
held air horn.
	Then, one manicured, gold-ringed hand on his shoulder,
she led him across the sidewalk, past a sleeping huddle of
rag-bundled transients, and into the slowly waking world of
Hypermart.

	Fourteen floors, Jackie said, and Bobby whistled. "All like
this?" She nodded, spooning brown crystals of rock sugar
into the tan foam atop her coffee glass. They sat on scrolly
castiron stools at a marble counter in a little booth, where a
girl Bobby's age, her hair dyed and lacquered into a kind of
dorsal fin, worked the knobs and levers of a big old machine
with brass tanks and domes and burners and eagles with
spread chrome wings. The countertop had been something
else, originally; Bobby saw where one end was bashed off in
a long crooked jag to allow it to fit between two green-
painted steel pillars.
	"You like it, huh?" She sprinkled the foam with powdered
cinnamon from a heavy old glass shaker. " `Bout as far from
Barrytown as you been, some ways."
	Bobby nodded, his eyes confused by the thousand colors
and textures of the things in the stalls, the stalls themselves.
There seemed to be no regularity to anything, no hint of any
central planning agency. Crooked corridors twisted off from
the area in front of the espresso booth. There seemed to be no
central source of lighting either. Red and blue neon glowed
beyond the white hiss of a Primus lantern, and one stall, just
being opened by a bearded man with leather pants, seemed to
be lit with candles, the soft light reflecting off hundreds of
polished brass buckles hung against the reds and blacks of old
rugs. There was a morning rattle to the place, a coughing and
a clearing of throats. A blue Toshiba custodial unit whirred
out of a corridor, dragging a battered plastic cart stacked with
green plastic bales of garbage. Someone had glued a big
plastic doll head to the Toshiba's upper body segment, above
the clustered camera eyes and sensors, a grinning blue-eyed
thing once intended to approximate the features of a leading
stimstar without violating Sense/Net copyrights. The pink
head, its platinum hair bound up in a length of pale blue
plastic pearls, bobbed absurdly as the robot rolled past. Bobby
laughed.
	"This place is okay," he said, and gestured to the girl to
refill his cup.
	"Wait a sec, asshole," the countergirl said, amiably enough.
She was measuring ground coffee into a dented steel hopper
on one end of an antique balance. "You get any sleep last
night, Jackie, after the show?"
	"Sure," Jackie said, and sipped at her coffee "I danced
their second set, then I slept at Jammer's. Hit the couch, you
know?"
	"Wish I'd got some. Every time Henry sees you dance, he
won't let me alone ..." She laughed, and refilled Bobby's
cup from a black plastic thermos.
	"Well," Bobby said, when the girl was busy again with
the espresso machine, "what fl~~t~"
	"Busy man, huh?" Jackie regarded him coolly from be-
neath the gold-pinned hat brim. "Got places you need to go,
people to see?"
	"Well, no. Shit. I just mean, well, is this it?"
"Is what it?"
	"This place. We're staying here?"
	"Top floor. Friend of mine named Jammer runs a club up
there. Very unlikely anyone could find you there, and even if
they do, it's a hard place to sneak up on. Fourteen floors of
mostly stalls, and a whole lot of these people sell stuff they
don't have out in plain view, right? So they're all very
sensitive to strangers turning up, anyone asking questions.
And most of them are friends of ours, one way or another
Anyway, you'll like it here. Good place for you. Lots to
learn, if you remember to keep your mouth shut."
	"How am I gonna learn if I don't ask questions?"
	"Well, I mean keep your ears open, more like it. And be
polite. Some tough people in here, but you mind your biz,
they'll mind theirs. Beauvoir's probably coming by here late
this afternoon. Lucas has gone out to the Projects to tell him
whatever you learned from the Finn. What did you learn from
the Finn, hon?"
	"That he's got these three dead guys stretched out on his
floor. Says they're ninjas." Bobby looked at her. "He's
pretty weird . .
	"Dead guys aren't part of his usual line of goods. But,
yeah, he's weird all right. Why don't you tell me about it?
Calmly. and in low, measured tones. Think you can do
that?"
	Bobby told her what he could remember of his visit to the
Finn. Several times she stopped him, asked questions he
usually wasn't able to answer. She nodded when he first
mentioned Wigan Ludgate. "Yeah," she said, "Jammer talks
about him, when he gets going on the old days. Have to ask
him .." At the end of his recitation, she was lounging back
against one of the green pillars, the hat very low over her
dark eyes.
	"Well?" he asked
	"Interesting," she said, but that was all she'd say.
	"Right," Jackie said, taking in the tight black jeans, the
heavy leather boots with spacesuit-style accordion folds at the
ankles, the black leather garrison belt trimmed with twin lines
of pyrarnidal chrome studs. "Well, I guess you look more
like the Count Come on, Count, I got a couch for you to
sleep on, up in Jammer's place."
	He leered at her, thumbs hooked in the front pockets of the
black Levis.
	"Alone," she added, "no fear."
	"I want some new clothes," Bobby said when they'd
climbed the immobile escalator to the second floor.
	"You got any money?" she asked.
	"Shit," he said, his hands in the pockets of the baggy,
pleated jeans. "I don't have any fucking money, but I want
some clothes. You and Lucas and Beauvoir are keeping my
ass on ice for something, aren't you? Well, I'm tired of this
God-awful shirt Rhea palmed off on me, and these pants
always feel like they're about to fall off my ass. And I'm here
because Two-a-Day, who's a lowlife fuck, wanted to risk my
butt so Lucas and Beauvoir could test their fucking software.
So you can fucking well buy me some clothes, okay?"
	"Okay," she said, after a pause. "I'll tell you what." She
pointed to where a Chinese girl in faded denim was furling
the sheets of plastic that had fenced a dozen steel-pipe gar-
ment racks hung with clothing. "You see Lin, there? She's a
friend of mine. You pick out what you want, I'll straighten it
out between Lucas and her."
	Half an hour later, he emerged from a blanket-draped
fitting room and put on a pair of Indo-Javanese mirrored
aviator glasses. He grinned at Jackie. "Real sharp," he said.
	"Oh, yeah." She did a thing with her hand, a fanning
movement, as though something nearby were too hot to touch.
"You didn't like that shirt Rhea loaned you?"
	He looked down at the black T-shirt he'd chosen, at the
square holodecal of cyberspace on his chest. It was done so
you seemed to be punching fast-forward through the matrix,
grid lines blurring at the edges of the decal. "Yeah. It was
too tacky .

PACO SLUNG THE Citroen-Dornier down the Champs, along the
north bank of the Seine, then up through Les Halles. Marly
sank back into the astonishingly soft leather seat, more beau-
tifully stitched than her Brussels jacket. and willed her mind
to blankness, lack of affect. Be eyes, she told herself. Only
eyes, your body a weight pressed evenly back by the speed of
this obscenely expensive car. Humming past the Square des
Innocents, where whores dickered with the drivers of cargo
hovers in bleu de travail, Paco steering effortlessly through
the narrow streets.
	"Why did you say, `Don't do this to me'?" He took his
hand from the steering console and tapped his ear-bead into
position.
	"Why were you listening?"
	"Because that is my job. I sent a woman up, up into the
tower opposite his, to the twenty-second floor, with a para-
bolic microphone. The phone in the apartment was dead;
otherwise, we could have used that. She went up, broke into
a vacant unit on the west face of the tower, and aimed her
microphone in time to hear you say, `Don't do this to me.'
And you were alone?"
	"Yes."
	"He was dead?"
	"Yes."
	"Why did you say it, then?"
	"I don't know."
	"Who did you feel was doing something to you?"
	"I don't know. Perhaps Alan."
	"Doing what?"
	"Being dead? Complicating matters? You tell me."
	"You are a difficult woman."
	"Let me out."
	"I will take you to your friend's apartment . .
	"Stop the car."
	"I will take you to"
	"I'll walk."
	The low silver car slid up to the curb.
	"I will call you, in the"
	"Good night."

	"You're certain you wouldn't prefer one of the spas?"
asked Mr. Paleologos, thin and elegant as a mantis in his
white hopsack jacket. His hair was white as well, brushed
back from his forehead with extreme care. "It would be less
expensive, and a great deal more fun. You're a very pretty
girl~ .
	"Pardon?" Jerking her attention back from the street beyond
the rain-streaked window. "A what?" His French was clumsy,
enthusiastic, strangely inflected.
	"A very pretty girl." He smiled primly. "You wouldn't
prefer a holiday in a Med cluster? People your own age? Are
you Jewish?"
	"I beg your pardon?"
	"Jewish. Are you?"
	"No."
	"Too bad," he said. "You have the cheekbones of a
certain sort of elegant young Jewess ....I' ye a lovely dis-
count on fifteen days to Jerusalem Prime, a marvelous envi-
ronment for the price. Includes suit rental, three meals per
diem, and direct shuttle from the JAL torus."
	"Suit rental?"
	"They haven't entirely established atmosphere, in Jerusa-
lem Prime," Mr. Paleologos said, shuffling a stack of pink
flimsies from one side of his desk to the other. His office was
a tiny cubicle walled with hologram views of Poros and
Macau. She'd chosen his agency for its evident obscurity, and
because it had been possible to slip in without leaving the
little commercial complex in the metro station nearest Andrea's.
	"No" she said, "I'm not interested in spas I want to go
here." She tapped the writing on the wrinkled blue wrapper
from a pack of Gauloise
	"Well," he said, "it's possible, of course, but I have no
listing of accommodations. Will you be visiting friends?"
	"A business trip," she said impatiently. "I must leave
immediately."
	"Very well, very well," Mr. Paleologos said, taking a
cheap-looking lap terminal from a shelf behind his desk.
"Can you give me your credit code, please?"
	She reached into her black leather bag and took out the
thick bundle of New Yen she'd removed from Paco's bag
while he'd been busy examining the apartment where Alain
had died. The money was fastened with a red band of translu-
cent elastic "I wish to pay cash."
	"Oh, dear," Mr. Paleologos said, extending a pink finger-
tip to touch the top bill, as though he expected the lot of it 
to
vanish. "I see. Well, you understand, I wouldn't ordinarily
do business this way. . . . But, I suppose, something can be
arranged. .
	"Quickly," she said, "very quickly . .
	He looked at her. "I understand. Can you tell me, please"
his fingers began to move over the keys of the lap terminal
"the name under which you wish to travel?"

Tuat'iER WOKE TO the silent hous~, the sound of birds in the
apple trees in the overgrown orchard. He'd slept on the
broken couch Rudy kept in the kitchen. He drew water for
coffee, the plastic pipes from the roof tank chugging as he
filled the pot, put the pot on the propane burner, and walked
out to the porch.
	Rudy's eight vehicles were filmed with dew, arranged in a
neat row on the gravel One of the augmented hounds trotted
through the open gate as Turner came down the steps, its
black hood clicking softly in the morning quiet. It paused,
drooling, swayed its distorted head from side to side, then
scrambled across the gravel and out of sight, around the
corner of the porch.
	Turner paused by the hood of a dull brown Suzuki Jeep, a
hydrogen-cell conversion Rudy would have done the work
himself, Four-wheel drive, big tires with off-road lugs crusted
in pale dry river mud. Small, slow, reliable, not much use on
the road .
	He passed two rust-flecked Honda sedans, identical, same
year and model. Rudy would be ripping one for parts from
the other; neither would be running. He grinned absently at
the immaculate brown and tan paintwork on the 1?4? Chevrolet
van, remembering the rusted shell Rudy had hauled home
from Arkansas on a rented flatbed. The thing still ran on
gasoline, the inner surfaces of its engine likely as spotless as
the hand-rubbed chocolate lacquer of its fenders.
	There was half of a Dornier ground-effect plane, under
gray plastic tarps, and then a wasplike black Suzuki racing
bike on a homemade trailer. He wondered how long it had
been since Rudy had done any serious racing. There was a
snowmobile under another tarp, an old one, next to the bike
trailer. And then the stained gray hovercraft, surplus from the
war, a squat wedge of armored steel that smelled of the
kerosene its turbine burned, its mesh-reinforced apron bag
slack on the gravel. Its windows were narrow slits of thick,
high-impact plastic. There were Ohio plates bolted to the
thing's ram-like bumpers. They were current. "I can see what
you're thinking," Sally said, and he turned to see her at the
porch rail with the pot of steaming coffee in her hand. "Rudy
says, if it can't get over something, it can anyway get through
it.''

`Is it fast?" Touching the hover's armored flank.
	"Sure, but you'll need a new spine after about an hour."
"How about the law?"
	"Can't much say they like the way it looks, but it's
certified street-legal. No law against armor that I know of."

	"Angie's feeling better," Sally said as he followed her in
through the kitchen door, "aren't you, honey?"
	Mitchell's daughter looked up from the kitchen table. Her
bruising, like Turner's, had faded to a pair of fat commas, like
painted blue-black tears.
	"My friend here's a doctor," Turner said. "He checked
you out when you were under. He says you're doing okay."
	"Your brother He's not a doctor"
	"Sorry, Turner," Sally said, at the stove. "I'm pretty
much straightforward."
	"Well, he's not a doctor," he said, "but he's smart. We
were worried that Maas might have done something to you,
fixed it so you'd get sick if you left Arizona . .
	"Like a cortex bomb?" She spooned cold cereal from a
cracked bowl with apple blossoms around the rim, part of a
set that Turner remembered.
	"Lord," Sally said, "what have you gotten yourself into,
Turner?"
	"Good question." He took a seat at the table.
	Angie chewed her cereal, staring at him.
	"Angie," he said, "when Rudy scanned you, he found
something in your head."
	She stopped chewing.
	"He didn't know what it was. Something someone put
there, maybe when you were a lot younger. Do you know
what I mean?"
	She nodded.
"Do you know what it is?"
She swallowed. "No."
	"But you know who put it there?"
``Yes.''
	"Your father?"
"Yes."
	"Do you know why?"
	"Because I was sick."
	"How were you sick?"
	"I wasn't smart enough."

	He was ready by noon, the hovercraft fueled and waiting
by the chainlink gates. Rudy h~d given him a rectangular
black ziploc stuffed with New Yen, some of the bills worn
almost translucent with use.
	"I tried that tape through a French lexicon," Rudy said,
while one of the hounds rubbed its dusty ribs against his legs.
"Doesn't work. I think it's some kind of creole. Maybe
African. You want a copy?"
	"No," Turner said, "you hang on to it."
	"Thanks," Rudy said, "but no thanks. I don't plan on
admitting you were ever here if anybody asks. Sally and I,
we're heading in to Memphis this afternoon, stay with a

couple of friends. Dogs'll watch the house." He scratched the
animal behind its plastic hood. "Right, boy?" The dog whined
and twitched. "I had to train `em off coon hunting when I put
their infrareds in," he said. "There wouldn't've been any
coons left in the county .
	Sally and the girl came down the porch steps, Sally carry-
ing a broken-down canvas carryall she'd filled with sand-
wiches and a thermos of coffee. Turner remembered her in
the bed upstairs and smiled. She smiled back. She looked
older today, tired. Angie had discarded the bloodstained MAAS-
NEOTEK T-shirt in favor of a shapeless black sweatshirt Sally
had found for her. It made her look even younger than she
was. Sally had also managed to incorporate the remaining
bruises into a baroque job of eye makeup that clashed weirdly
with her kid's face and baggy shirt.
	Rudy handed Turner the key to the hovercraft. "I had my
old Cray cook me a pr~cis of recent corporate news this
morning One thing you should probably know is that Maas
Biolabs has announced the accidental death of Dr. Christo-
pher Mitchell."
	"Impressive, how vague those people can be."
	"And you Just keep the harness on real tight," Sally was
saying, or your ass'll be black and blue before you hit that
Statesboro bypass."
	Rudy glanced at the girl, then back at Turner. Turner could
see the broken veins at the base of his brother's nose. His
eyes were bloodshot and there was a pronounced tic in his left
eyelid. "Well, I guess that's it. Funny, but I'd come to figure
I wouldn't see you again. Kind of funny to see you back
here
	"Well," Turner said, "you've both done more than I'd
any right to expect
	Sally glanced away.
	"So thanks. I guess we better go" He climbed up into the
cab of the hover, wanting to be gone Sally squeezed the
girl's wrist, gave her the carryall, and stood beside her while
she climbed up the two hinged footrests. Turner settled into
the driver's seat.
	"She kept asking for you," Rudy said. "After a while it
got so bad, the endorphin analogs couldn't really cut the pain,
and every two hours or so, she'd ask where you were, when
you were coming
	"I sent you money," Turner said "Enough to take her to
Chiba. The clinics there could have tried something new."
	Rudy snorted. "Chiba? Jesus. She was an old woman.
What the hell good would it have done, keeping her alive in
Chiba for a few more months? What she mainly wanted was
to see you."
	"Didn't work out that way." Turner said as the girl got
into the seat beside his and placed the bag on the floor,
between her feet. "Be seeing you, Rudy." He nodded.
"Sally
	"So long," Sally said, her arm around Rudy.
	"Who were you talking about?" Angie asked, as the hatch
came down. Turner put the key in the ignition and fired up
the turbine, simultaneously inflating the apron bag. Through
the narrow window at his side, he saw Rudy and Sally back
quickly away from the hover, the hound cowering and snap-
ping at the noise of the turbine. The pedals and hand controls
were oversized, designed to permit ease of operation for a
driver wearing a radiation suit. Turner eased them out through
the gates and swung around on a wide patch of gravel drive
Angie was buckling her harness
	"My mother," he said.
	He revved the turbine and they jolted forward
	"I never knew my mother," she said, and Turner remem-
bered that her father was dead, and that she didn't know it
yet. He hit the throttle and they shot off down the gravel
drive, barely missing one of Rudy's hounds.

	Sally had been right about the thing's ride~ there was
constant vibration from the turbine. At ninety kilometers per
hour, on the skewed asphalt of the old state highway, it shook
their teeth. The armored apron bag rode the broken surfaces
heavily; the skim effect of a civilian sport model would only
be possible on a perfectly smooth, flat surface.
	Turner found himself liking it, though You pointed, eased
back the throttle, and you went. Someone had hung a pair of
pink sun-faded foam dice above the forward vision-slit, and
the whine of the turbine was a solid thing behind him. The
girl seemed to relax, taking in the roadside scenery with an
absent, almost contented expression, and Turner was grateful
that he wasn't required to make conversation. You're hot, he
thought, glancing sidelong at her, you're probably the single
most hotly pursued little item on the face of the planet today,
and here I am hauling you off to the Sprawl in Rudy's
kidstuff war wagon, no fucking idea what I'm going to do
with you now . Or who it was zapped the mall
	Run it through, he told himself, as they swung down into
the valley, run it through again, eventually something'll click.
Mitchell had contacted Hosaka, said he was coming over
Hosaka hired Conroy and assembled a medical crew to check
Mitchell for kinks. Conroy had put the teams together, work-
ing with Turner's agent. Turner's agent was a voice in Ge-
neva. a telephone number. Hosaka had sent Allison in to vet
him in Mexico, then Conroy had pulled him out Webber,
just before the shit hit the fan, had said that she was Conroy's
plant at the site. . . . Someone had jumped them, as the girl
was coming in, flares and automatic weapons. That felt like
Maas, to him, it was the sort of move he'd expect, the sort of
thing his hired muscle was there to deal with Then the white
sky. . . . He thought about what Rudy had said about a
railgun. . . Who? And the mess in the girl's head, the
things Rudy had turned up on his tomograph and his NMR
imager. She said her father had never planned on coming out
himself
	"No company," she said, to the window.
	"How's that?"
	"You don't have a company, do you? I mean, you work
for whoever hires you."
	"That's right."
	"Don't you get scared?"
	"Sure, but not because of that .
	"We've always had the company. My father said I'd be all
right. that I was just going to another company
	"You'll be fine. He was right. I just have to find out
what's going on. Then I'll get you where you need to go
"To Japan?"
	"Wherever."
	"Have you been there?"
	"Sure."
	"Would I like it?"
"Why not?"
	Then she lapsed into silence again, and Turner concen-
trated on the road.

	"It makes me dream," she said as he leaned forward to
turn on the headlights, her voice barely audible above the
turbine
	"What does?" He pretended to be lost in his driving.
careful not to glance her way.
	"The thing in my head. Usually it's only when I'm asleep."
	"Yeah?" Remembering the whites of her eyes in Rudy's
bedroom, the shuddering, the rush of words in a language he
didn't know.
	"Sometimes when I'm awake. It's like I'm jacked into a
deck, only I'm free of the grid, flying, and I'm not alone
there. The other night I dreamed about a boy, and he'd
reached out, picked up something, and it was hurting him,
and he couldn't see that he was free, that he only needed to
let go. So I told him. And for just a second, I could see where
he was, and that wasn't like a dream at all, just this ugly 
little
room with a stained carpet, and I could tell he needed a
shower, and feel how the insides of his shoes were sticky,
because he wasn't wearing socks. . . . That's not like the
dreams. .
	"No?"
	"No. The dreams are all big, big things, and I'm big too,
moving, with the others.
	Turner let his breath out as the hover whined up the
concrete ramp to the Interstate, suddenly aware that he'd been
holding it. "What others?"
	"The bright ones." Another silence. "Not people .
	"You spend much time in cyberspace, Angie? I mean
jacked in, with a deck?"
	"No. Just school stuff. My father said it wasn't good for
me."
	"He say anything about those dreams?"
	"Only that they were getting realer. But I never told him
about the others.
	``You want to tell me? Maybe `it'll help me understand,
figure out what we need to do     
	"Some of them tell me things Stories. Once, there was
nothing there, nothing moving on its own, just data and
people shuffling it around Then something happened, and it
	it knew itself. There's a whole other story, about that, a
girl with mirrors over her eyes and a man who was scared to
care about anything Something the man did helped the whole
thing know itself. . . . And after that, it sort of split off 
into
different parts of itself, and I think the parts are the others,
the bright ones. But it's hard to tell, because they don't tell 
it
with words, exactly     
	Turner felt the skin on his neck prickle. Something coming

back to him, up out of the drowned undertow of Mitchell's
dossier Hot burning shame in a hallway, dirty cream paint
peeling, Cambridge, the graduate dorms . . "Where were
you born, Angie?"
	"England. Then my father got into Maas, we moved. To
Geneva."

	Somewhere in Virginia he eased the hovercraft over onto
the gravel shoulder and out into an overgrown pasture, dust
from the dry summer swirling out behind them as he swung
them left and into a stand of pine. The turbine died as they
settled into the apron bag.
	"We might as well eat now." he said, reaching back for
Sally's canvas carryall.
	Angie undid her harness and unzipped the black sweatshirt
Under it, she wore something tight and white, a child's
smooth tanned flesh showing in the scoop neck above young
breasts. She took the bag from him and began unwrapping the
sandwiches Sally had made for him. "What's wrong with
your brother?" she asked, handing him half a sandwich.
	"How do you mean?"
	"Well, there's something . He drinks all the time, Sally
said Is he unhappy?"
	"I don't know," Turner said, hunching and twisting the
aches out of his neck and shoulders. "I mean, he must be,
but I don't know exactly why. People get stuck, sometimes."
	"You mean when they don't have companies to take care
of them?" She bit into her sandwich.
	He looked at her. "Are you putting me on?"
	She nodded, her mouth full Swallowed "A little bit I
know that a lot of people don't work for Maas. Never have
and never will You're one, your brother's another. But it
was a real question. I kind of liked Rudy. you know? But he
just seemed so
	"Screwed up," he finished for her, still holding his sand-
wich. "Stuck. What it is, I think there's a jump some people
have to make, sometimes, and if they don't do it, then they're
stuck good . And Rudy never did it."
	"Like my father wanting to get me out of Mans? Is that a
jump?"
	"No. Some jumps you have to decide on for yourself.
Just figure there's something better waiting for you some-
where .." He paused, feeling suddenly ridiculous, and bit
into the sandwich
	"Is that what you thought?"
	He nodded, wondering if it were true
	"So you left, and Rudy stayed'~"
	"He was smart Still is, and he'd rolled up a bunch of
degrees, did it all on the line. Got a doctorate in biotechnol-
ogy from Tulane when he was twenty, a bunch of other stuff.
Never sent out any r~sum~s, nothing. We'd have recruiters
turn up from all over, and he'd bullshit them, pick fights .
I think he thought he could make something on his own. Like
those hoods on the dogs I think he's got a couple of original
patents there, but . . Anyway, he stayed there. Got into
dealing and doing hardware for people, and he was hot stuff
in the county. And our mother got sick, she was sick for a
long time, and I was away.
	"Where were you?" She opened the thermos and the smell
of coffee filled the cabin.
	"As far away as I could get," he said, startled by the anger
in his voice.
	She passed him the plastic mug, filled to the brim with hot
black coffee.
	"How about you? You said you never knew your mother."
	"I didn't. They split when I was little. She wouldn't come
back in on the contract unless he agreed to cut her in on some
kind of stock plan. That's what he said anyway."
	"So what's he like?" He sipped coffee, then passed it
back.
	She looked at him over the rim of the red plastic mug, her
eyes ringed with Sally's makeup. `You tell me," she said.
"Or else ask me in twenty years. I'm seventeen, how the hell
am I supposed to know?"
	He laughed. "You're starting to feel a little better now?"
	"I guess so. Considering the circumstances."
	And suddenly he was aware of her, in a way he hadn't
been before, and his hands went anxiously to the controls
"Good. We still have a long way to go
	 They slept in the hovercraft that night, parked behind
	the rusting steel lattice that had once supported a drive-in
	theater screen in southern Pennsylvania, Turner's parka
	spread on the armor-plate floorboards below the turbine's
	long bulge. She'd sipped the last of the coffee, cold now,
	as she sat in the square hatch opening above the passenger
	seat, watching the lightning bugs pulse across a field of
	yellowed grass.
	 Somewhere in his dreamsstill colored with random flashes
	from her father's dossiershe rolled against him, her breasts
	soft and warm against his bare back through the thin fabric of
	her T-shirt, and then her arm came over him to stroke the flat
	muscles of his stomach, but he lay still, pretending to a
	deeper sleep, and soon found his way down into the darker
	passages of Mitchell's biosoft, where strange things came to
	mingle with his own oldest fears and hurts. And woke at
	dawn to hear her singing softly to herself from her perch in
	the roof hatch.
		"My daddy he's a handsome devil
	got a chain `bout nine miles long
	And from every link
	A heart does dangle
	Of another maid
	He's loved and wronged."


JAMMER'S wAS u~ twelve more flights of dead escalator and
occupied the rear third of the top floor. Aside from Leon's
place, Bobby had never seen a nightclub, and he found
Jammer's both impressive and scary. Impressive because of
its scale and what he took to be the exceptional quality of the
fittings, and scary because a nightclub, by day, is somehow
inately unreal. Witchy. He peered around, thumbs snagged in
the back pockets of his new jeans, while Jackie conducted a
whispered conversation with a long-faced white man in rum-
pled blue coveralls. The place was fitted out with dark
ultrasuede banquettes, round black tables, and dozens of or-
nate screens of pierced wood. The ceiling was painted black,
each table faintly illuminated by its own little recessed flood
aimed straight down out of the dark There was a central
stage, brightly lit now with work lights strung on yellow flex,
and, in the middle of the stage, a set of cherry-red acoustic
drums. He wasn't sure why, but it gave him the creeps; some
sidelong sense of a half-life, as though something was about
to shift, just at the edge of his vision .
	"Bobby," Jackie said, "come over here and meet Jammer."
	He crossed the stretch of plain dark carpet with all the cool
he could muster and faced the long-faced man, who had dark,
thinning hair and wore a white evening shirt under his cover-
alls. The man's eyes were narrow, the hollows of his cheeks
shadowed with a day's growth of beard.

	"Well," the man said, "you want to be a cowboy?" He
was looking at Bobby's T-shirt and Bobby had the uncomfort-
able feeling that he might be about to laugh.
	"Jammer was a jockey," Jackie said. "Hot as they come.
	Weren't you, Jammer?"
	"So they say," Jammer said, still looking at Bobby. "Long
time ago, Jackie. How many hours you logged, running?" he
asked Bobby.
	Bobby's face went hot. "Well, one, I guess."
	Jammer raised his bushy eyebrows. "Gotta start some-
where." He smiled, his teeth small and unnaturally even and,
	Bobby thought, too numerous.
	"Bobby," Jackie said,"why don't you ask Jammer about
this Wig character the Finn was telling you about?"
	Jammer glanced at her, then back to Bobby. "You know
the Finn? For a hotdogger you're in pretty deep, aren't you?"
He took a blue plastic inhaler from his hip pocket and inserted
it in his left nostril, snorted, then put it back in his pocket.
"Ludgate. The Wig. Finn's talking about the Wig? Must be
in his dotage."
	Bobby didn't know what that meant, but it didn't seem like
	the time to ask. "Well," Bobby ventured, "this Wig's up in
	orbit somewhere, and he sells the Finn stuff, sometimes...~"
	"No shit? Well, you coulda fooled me. I woulda told you
the Wig was either dead or drooling. Crazier than your usual
cowboy, you know what I mean? Batshit. Gone. Haven't
heard of him in years."
	"Jammer," Jackie said, "I think it's maybe best if Bobby
just tells you the story. Beauvoir's due here this afternoon,
and he'll have some questions for you, so you better kno~v
where things stand...."
	Jammer looked at her. "Well. I see. Mr. Beauvoir's call-
ing in that favor, is he?"
	"Can't speak for him," she said, "but that would be my
	guess. We need a safe place to store the Count here."
	"What count?"
	"Me," Bobby said, "that's me."
	"Great," Jammer said, with a total lack of enthusiasm.
"So come on back into the office."

	Bobby couldn't keep his eyes off the cyberspace deck that
took up a third of the surface of Jammer's antique oak desk
It was matte black, a custom job, no trademarks anywhere.
He kept craning forward, while he told Jammer about Two-a-
Day and his attempted run, about the girl-feeling thing and
his mother getting blown up. It was the hottest-looking deck
he'd ever seen, and he remembered Jackie saying that Jam-
mer had been such a shithot cowboy in his day.
	Jammer slumped back in his chair when Bobby was fin-
ished. "You wanna try it?" he asked. He sounded tired.
	"Try it?"
	"The deck. I think you might wanna try it It's something
about the way you keep rubbing your ass on the chair. Either
you wanna try it or you gotta piss bad"
	"Shit yeah. I mean, yeah, thanks, yeah, I would . .
	"Why not? No way for anybody to know it's you and not
me. right? Why don't you jack in with him, Jackie? Kinda
keep track." He opened a desk drawer and took out two trode
sets. "But don't do anything, right? I mean, just buzz on out
and spin. Don't try to run any numbers I owe Beauvoir and
Lucas a favor, and it looks like how I'm paying it back is by
helping keep you intact." He handed one set of trodes to
Jackie, the other to Bobby. He stood up, grabbed handles on
either side of the black console, and spun it around so it faced
Bobby. "Go on. You'll cream your jeans. Thing's ten years
old and it'll still wipe ass on most anything. Guy name of
Automatic Jack built it straight up from scratch He was
Bobby Quine's hardware artist, once. The two of `em burnt
the Blue Lights together, but that was probably before you
were born."

	Bobby already had his trodes on. Now he looked at Jackie
	"You ever jack tandem before?"
	He shook his head.
	"Okay. We'll jack, but I'll hang off your left shoulder. I
say jack out, jack out. You see anything funny. it'll be
because I'm with you, understand?"
	He nodded.
	She undid a pair of long, silver-headed pins at the rear of
her fedora and took it off, putting it down on the desk beside
Jammer's deck. She slid the trodes on over the orange silk
headscarf and smoothed the contacts against her forehead.
	"Let's go," she said.

	Now and ever was, fast forward, Jammer's deck jacked up
so high above the neon hotcores, a topography of data he
didn't know. Big stuff, mountain-high, sharp and corporate in
the nonplace that was cyberspace. "Slow it down, Bobby."
Jackie's voice low and sweet, beside him in the void.
	"Jesus Christ, this thing's slick!"
	"Yeah, but damp it down. The rush isn't any good for us.
You want to cruise. Keep us up here and slow it down .
	He eased off on forward until they seemed to coast along.
He turned to the left, expecting to see her there, but there was
nothing.
	"I'm here," she said, "don't wony
	"Who was Quine?"
	"Quine? Some cowboy Jammer knew. He knew `em all, in
his day."
	He took a nght-angle left at random, pivoting smoothly at
the grid intersection, testing the deck for response. It was
amazing, totally unlike anything he'd felt before in cyberspace.
"Holy shit. This thing makes an Ono-Sendai look like a kid's
toy.
	"It's probably got 0-S circuitry in it. That's what they
used to use, Jammer says. Takes us up a little more
	They rose effortlessly through the gnd, the data receding
below them "There isn't a hell of a lot to see up here," he
complained.
	"Wrong. You see some interesting stuff, you hang out
long enough in the blank parts . .
	The fabric of the matrix seemed to shiver, directly in front
of them
	"Uh, Jackie . .
	"Stop here. Hold it. It's okay. Trust me."
	Somewhere, far away, his hands moving over the unfamil-
iar keyboard configuration He held them steady now, while a
section of cyberspace blurred, grew milky. "What is"
	"Danbala ap monte I," the voice said, harsh in his head,
and in his mouth a taste like blood. "Danbala is nding her."
He knew, somehow, what the words meant, but the voice was
iron in his head The milky fabric divided, seemed to bubble,
became two patches of shifting gray.
	"Legba," she said, "Legba and Ougou Feray, god of war.
Papa Ougou' St. Jacques Majeur! Viv Ia Vy4j!"
	Iron laughter filled the matnx, sawing through Bobby's
head.
	"Map kite tout mtz~ ak tout giyon," said another voice,
fluid and quicksilver and cold. "See, Papa, she has come
here to throw away her bad luck!" And then that one laughed
as well, and Bobby fought down a wave of sheer hysteria as
the silver laughter rose through him like bubbles.
	"Has she bad luck, the horse of Danbala?" boomed the
iron voice of Ougou Feray, and for an instant Bobby thought
he saw a figure flicker in the gray fog. The voice hooted its
terrible laughter. "Indeed! Indeed! But she knows it not! She
is not my horse, no, else I would cure her luck!" Bobby
wanted to cry, to die, anything to escape the voices, the
utterly impossible wind that had started to blow out of the
gray warps, a hot damp wind that smelled of things he
couldn't identify. "And she calls praise on the Virgin! Hear
me, little sister! La Vy~j draws close indeed!"
	"Yes," said the other, "she moves through my province
now, I who rule the roads, the highways
	"But I, Ougou Feray, tell you that your enemies draw near
as well! To the gates, sister, and beware"'
	And then the gray areas faded, d'windled, shrank .
	"Jack us out," she said her voice small and distant And
then she said, "Lucas is dead."

	Jammer took a bottle of Scotch from his desk drawer and
carefully poured six centimeters of the stuff into a plastic
highball glass. "You look like shit," he said to Jackie, and
Bobby was startled by the gentleness in the man's voice
They'd been jacked out for at least ten minutes and nobody
had said anything at all. Jackie looked crushed and kept
gnawing at her lower lip. Jammer looked either unhappy or
angry, Bobby wasn't sure.
	"How come you said Lucas was dead?" Bobby ventured,
because it seemed to him that the silence was silting up in
Jammer's cramped office like something that could choke
you.
	Jackie looked at him but didn't seem to focus. "They
wouldn't come to me like that if Lucas were alive," she said.
"There are pacts, agreements. Legba is always invoked first,
but he should have come with Danbala. His personality de-
pends on the ba he manifests with. Lucas must be dead."
	Jammer pushed the glass of whiskey across the desk, but
Jackie shook her head, the trode set still riding her forehead.
chrome and black nylon. He made a disgusted face, pulled
the glass back, and downed it himself. "What a load of shit
Things made a lot more sense before you people started
screwing around with them."
	"We didn't bring them here, Jammer," she said. "They
were just there, and they found us because we understood
them!"
	"Same load of shit," Jammer said, wearily. "Whatever
they are, wherever they came from, they just shaped them-
selves to what a bunch of crazed spades wanted to see. You
follow me? There's no way in hell there'd be anything out
there that you had to talk to in fucking bush Haitian! You and
your voodoo cult, they just saw that and they saw a setup,
and Beauvoir and Lucas and the rest, they're businessmen
first. And those Goddamn things know how to make deals!
It's a natural!" He tightened the cap on his bottle and put it
back in the drawer. "You know. hon. it could just be that
somebody very big, with a lot of muscle on the grid, they're
just taking you for a ride. Projecting those things, all that 
shit
	And you know it's possible, don't you? Don't you,
Jackie?"
	"No way," Jackie said, her voice cold and even. "But
how I know that's not anything I can explain . .
	Jammer took a black slab of plastic from his pocket and
began to shave. "Sure," he said. The razor hummed as he
worked on the line of his jaw. "I lived in cyberspace for eight
years, nght? Well, I know there wasn't anything out there,
not then. . . . Anyway, you want me to phone Lucas, set
your mind at ease one way or the other? You got the phone
number for that Rolls of his?"
	"No," Jackie said, "don't bother Best we lay low till
Beauvoir turns up." She stood, pulling off the trodes and
picking up her hat. "I'm going to lie down, try to sleep. You
keep an eye on Bobby     She turned and walked to the
office door. She looked as though she were sleepwalking, all
the energy gone out of her.
	"Wonderful." Jammer said, running the shaver along his
upper lip. "You want a drink?" he asked Bobby.
	"Well," Bobby said, "it's kind of early...."
	"For you. maybe." He put the razor back in his pocket.
The door closed behind Jackie. Jammer leaned forward slightly.
"What did they look like, kid? You get a make?"
	"Just kind of grayish. Fuzzy...."
	Jammer looked disappointed. He slouched back in his chair
again. "I don't think you can get a good look at `em unless
you're part of it." He drummed his fingers on the chair ann.
"You think they're for real?"
	"Well, I wouldn't wanna try messing one around .
	Jammer looked at him. "No? Well, maybe you're smarter
than you look, there. I wouldn't wanna try messing one
around myself. I got out of the game before they started
turning up .
	"So what do you think they are?"
	"Ah, still getting smarter... Well, I don't know Like I
said, I don't think I can swallow them being a bunch of
Haitian voodoo gods, but who knows?" He narrowed his
eyes. "Could be, they're virus programs that have gotten
loose in the matnx and replicated, and gotten really smart
That's scary enough; maybe the Tunng people want it kept
quiet. Or maybe the Al's have found a way to split parts
of themselves off into the matnx, which would drive the
Turings crazy. I knew this Tibetan guy did hardware mod
for jockeys, he said they were tulpas
	Bobby blinked.
	`A tulpa's a thought form, kind of. Superstition. Really
heavy people can split off a kind of ghost, made of negative
energy." He shrugged "More horseshit Like Jackie's voo-
doo guys."
	"Well, it looks to me like Lucas and Beauvoir and the
others, they sure as hell play it like it was all real, and not
just like it was an act .
	Jammer nodded. "You got it And they been doing damn
well for themselves by it, too, so there's something there
He shrugged and yawned "I gotta sleep, too. You can do
whatever you want, as long as you keep your hands off my
deck. And don't try to go outside, or ten kinds of alarms will
start screaming. There's juice and cheese and shit in the
fridge behind the bar.

	Bobby decided that the place was still scary, now that he
had it to himself, but that it was interesting enough to make
the scariness worthwhile. He wandered up and down behind
the bar, touching the handles of the beer taps and the chrome
drink nozzles. There was a machine that made ice, and
another one that dispensed boiling water. He made himself a
cup of Japanese instant coffee and sorted through Jammer's
file of audio cassettes. He'd never heard of any of the bands
or artists. He wondered whether that meant that Jammer, who
was old, liked old stuff, or if this was all really new stuff 
that wouldn't filter out to Barrytown, probably by way of Leon's,
for another two weeks. . . . He found a gun under the black
and silver universal credit console at the end of the bar, a
kind of fat little machine gun with a magazine that stuck
straight down out of the handle. It was stuck under the bar
with a strip of lime-green Velcro, and he didn't think it was a
good idea to touch it. After a while, he didn't feel frightened
anymore, just kind of bored and edgy. He took his cooling
coffee and walked out into the middle of the seating area. He
sat at one of the tables and pretended he was Count Zero, top
console artist in the Sprawl, waiting for some dudes to show
and talk about a deal, some run they needed done and nobody
but the Count was even remotely up for it. "Sure," he said,
to the empty nightclub, his eyes hooded, "I'll cut it for
you. . . . If you got the money...." They paled when he
named his price.
	The place was soundproofed; you couldn't hear the bustle
of the fourteenth floor's stalls at all, only the hum of some
kind of air conditioner and the occasional gurgles of the
hot-water machine. Tired of the Count's power plays, Bobby
left the coffee cup on the table and crossed to the entrance-
way, running his hand along an old stuffed velvet rope that
was slung between polished brass poles. Careful not to touch
the glass doors themselves, he settled himself on a cheap steel
stool with a tape-patched leatherette top, beside the coat-
check window A dim bulb burned in the coatroom; you
could see a couple of dozen old wooden hangers dangling
from steel rods, each one hung with a round yellow hand-
numbered tag. He guessed Jammer sat here sometimes to
check out the clientele. He didn't really see why anybody
who'd been a shithot cowboy for eight years would want to
run a nightclub, but maybe it was sort of a hobby. He guessed
you could get a lot of girls, running a nightclub, but he'd
assumed you could get a lot anyway if you were rich. And if
Jammer had been a top jock for eight years, Bobby figured he
had to be nch .
	He thought about the scene in the matnx, the gray patches
and the voices. He shivered. He still didn't see why it meant
Lucas was dead. How could Lucas be dead? Then he remem-
bered that his mother was dead, and somehow that didn't
seem too real either. Jesus. It all got on his nerves. He
wished he were outside, on the other side of the doors,
checking out the stalls and the shoppers and the people who
worked there
 He reached out and drew the velour curtain aside, just wide
enough to peer out through the thick old glass, taking in the
rainbow jumble of stalls and the charactenstic grazing gait of
the shoppers. And framed for him, square in the middle of it
all, beside a table jammed with surplus analog VOM's, logic
probes, and power conditioners, was the raceless, bone-heavy
face of Leon, and the deepset, hideous eyes seemed to look
into Bobby's with an audible click of recognition. And then
Leon did something Bobby couldn't remember ever having
seen him do. He smiled

THE JAL STEWARD offered her a choice of simstim cassettes: a
tour of the Foxton retrospective at the Tate the previous
August, a period adventure taped in Ghana (Ashanu!), high-
lights from Bizet's Carmen as viewed from a private box at
the Tokyo Opera, or thirty minutes of Tally Isham's syndi-
cated talk show Top People.
	"Your first shuttle flight, Ms. Ovski?"
	Marly nodded. She'd given Paleologos her mother's maiden
name, which had probably been stupid.
	The steward smiled understandingly "A cassette can defi-
nitely ease the lift-off. The Carmen's very popular this week.
Gorgeous costumes, I understand."
	She shook her head, in no mood for opera She loathed
Foxton, and would have preferred to feel the full force of
acceleration rather than live through Ashanti! She took the
Isham tape by default, as the least of four evils. 
The steward checked her seat harness, handed her the
cassette and a little throwaway tiara in gray plastic, then
moved on. She put the plastic trode set on, jacked it into the
seat arm, sighed, and slotted the cassette in the opening
beside the jack The interior of the JAL shuttle vanished in a
burst of Aegean blue, and she watched the words TALLY
ISHAM'S TOP PEOPLE expand across the cloudless sky in
elegant sans-serif capitals.
	Tally Isham had been a constant in the stim industry for as
long as Marly remembered, an ageless Golden Girl who'd
come in on the first wave of the new medium. Now Marly
found herself locked into Tally's tanned, lithe, tremendously
comfortable sensorium. Tally Isham glowed, breathed deeply
and easily, her elegant bones riding in the embrace of a
musculature that seemed never to have known tension. Ac-
cessing her stim recordings was like falling into a bath of
perfect health, feeling the spring in the star's high arches and
the jut of her breasts against the silky white Egyptian cotton
of her simple blouse. She was leaning against a pocked white
balustrade above the tiny harbor of a Greek island town, a
cascade of flowering trees falling away below her down a
hillside built from whitewashed stone and narrow, twisting
stairs A boat sounded in the harbor
	"The tourists are hurrying back to their cruise ship now,"
Tally said, and smiled; when she smiled, Marly could feel the
smoothness of the star's white teeth, taste the freshness of her
mouth, and the stone of the balustrade was pleasantly rough
against her bare forearms. "But on~ visitor to our island will
be staying with us this afternoon, someone I've longed to
meet, and I'm sure that you'll be delighted and surprised. as
he's someone who ordinarily shuns major media coverage
 She straightened, turned, and smiled into the tanned,
smiling face of Josef Virek
	Marly tore the set from her forehead, and the white plastic
of the JAL shuttle seemed to slam into place all around her
Warning signs were blinking on the console overhead, and
she could feel a vibration that seemed to gradually rise in
pitch .
	Virek? She looked at the trode set. "Well," she said, "I
suppose you are a top person
	"I beg your pardon?" The Japanese student beside her
bobbed in his harness in a strange little approximation of a
bow. "You are in some difficulty with your stim'~"
	"No, no," she said. "Excuse me." She slid the set on
again and the interior of the shuttle dissolved in a buzz of
sensory static, a jamng mdange of sensations that abruptly
gave way to the calm grace of Tally Isham, who had taken
Virek's cool, firm hand and was smiling into his soft blue
eyes. Virek smiled back, his teeth very white "Delighted to
be here, Tally." he said, and Marly let herself sink into the
reality of the tape, accepting Tally's recorded sensory input as
her own. Stim was a medium she ordinarily avoided, some-
thing in her personality conflicting with the required degree of
passivity.
	Virek wore a soft white shirt, cotton duck trousers rolled
to just below the knee, and very plain brown leather sandals.
His hand still in hers, Tally returned to the balustrade "I'm
sure, ` she said, "that there are many things our audience"
	The sea was gone. An irregular plain covered in a green-
black growth like lichen spread out to the horizon, broken by
the silhouettes of the neo-Gothic spires of Gaudi's church of
the Sagrada Familia. The edge of the world was lost in a low
bright mist, and a sound like drowned bells tolled in across
the plain.
	"You have an audience of one, today," Virek said, and
looked at Tally Isham through his round, rimless glasses.
"Hello, Marly."
	Marly struggled to reach the trodes, but her artns were
made of stone. G-force, the shuttle lifting off from its con-
crete pad . . He'd trapped her here
	"I understand," said Tally, smiling, leaning back against
the balustrade, her elbows on warm rough stone. "What a
lovely idea Your Marly, Herr Virek, must be a lucky girl
indeed .." And it came to her, to Marly, that this wasn't
Sense/Net's Tally Isham, but a part of Virek's construct, a
programmed point of view worked up from years of Top
People, and that now there was no choice, no way out, except
to accept it, to listen, to give Virek her attention. The fact 
of
his having caught her here, pinned her here this way, told her
that her intuition had been correct: The machine, the struc-
ture, was there, was real. Virek's money was a sort of
universal solvent, dissolving barriers to his will
	"I'm sorry," he said, "to learn that you are upset Paco
tells me that you are fleeing from us, but I prefer to see it as
the drive of an artist toward her goal. You have sensed, I
think, something of the nature of my gestalt, and it has
frightened you As well it should. This cassette was prepared
an hour before your shuttle was scheduled to lift off from
Orly. We know your destination, of course, but I have no
intention of following you. You are doing your job. Marly. I
only regret that we were unable to prevent the death of your
friend Alain, but we now know the identity of his killers and
their employers . .
	Tally Isham's eyes were Marly's eyes now, and they were
locked with Virek's, a blue energy burning there.
	"Alain was murdered by the hired agents of Maas Biolabs,"
he continued, "and it was Maas who provided him with the
coordinates of your current destination, Maas who gave him
the hologram you saw. My relationship with Maas Biolabs
has been ambivalent, to say the least. Two years ago a
subsidiary of mine attempted to buy them out. The sum
involved would have affected the entire global economy.
They refused. Paco has determined that Alain died because
they discovered that he was attempting to market the informa-
tion they had provided, market it to third parties . " He
frowned. "Exceedingly foolish, because he was utterly igno-
rant of the nature of the product he was offering
	How like Alain, she thought, and felt a wave of pity.
Seeing him curled there on the hideous carpet, his spine
outlined beneath the green fabric of his jacket .
	"You should know, I think, that my search for our boxmaker
involves more than art, Marly." He removed his glasses and
polished them in a fold of his white shirt; she found some-
thing obscene in the calculated hurhanity of the gesture. "I
have reason to believe that the maker of these artifacts is in
some position to offer me freedom. Marly. I am not a well
man." He replaced the glasses, settling the fine gold ear-
pieces carefully. "When I last requested a remote visual of
the vat I inhabit in Stockholm, I was shown a thing like three
truck trailers, lashed in a dripping net of support lines . . . 
If
I were able to leave that, Marly, or rather, to leave the riot 
of
cells it contains . . . Well' `he smiled his famous smile
again' `what wouldn't I pay?"
	And Tally-Marly's eyes swung to take in the expanse of dark
lichen and the distant towers of the misplaced cathedral .

	"You lost consciousness," the steward was saying, his
fingers moving across her neck. "It isn't uncommon, and our
onboard medical computers tell us you're in excellent health.
However, we've applied a dermadisk to counteract the adapta-
tion syndrome you might experience prior to docking." His
hand left her neck.
	"Europe After the Rains." she said. "Max Ernst The
lichen . .
	The man stared down at her, his face alert now and express-
ing professional concern. "Excuse me? Could you repeat
that?"
	"I'm sorry," she said. "A dream ... Are we there yet, at
the terminal?"
	"Another hour," he said.
* * *

	Japan Air's orbital terminus was a white toroid studded
with domes and ringed with the dark-rimmed oval openings
of docking bays. The terminal above Marly's g-web-though
above had temporarily lost its usual meaningdisplayed an
exquisitely drafted animation of the torus in rotation, while a
series of voicesin seven languagesannounced that the
passengers on board JAL's Shuttle 580, Orly Terminus I,
would be taxied to the terminal at the earliest opportunity.
JAL offered apologies for the delay, which was due to routine
repairs underway in seven of the twelve bays
	Marly cringed in her g-web, seeing the invisible hand of
Virek in everything now. No. she thought, there must be a
way. I want out of it, she told herself, I want a few hours as a
free agent, and then I'll be done with him . . Good-bye,
Herr Virek, I return to the land of the living, as poor Alain
never will, Alain who died because I took your job. She
blinked her eyes when the first tear came, then stared wide-
eyed as a child at the minute floating spherelet the tear had
become
	And Maas, she wondered, who were they? Virek claimed
that they had murdered Alain, that Alain had been working
for them. She had vague recollections of stories in the media,
something to do with the newest generation of computers,
some ominous-sounding process in which immortal hybrid
cancers spewed out tailored molecules that became units of
circuitry. She remembered, now, that Paco had said that the
screen of his modular telephone was a Maas product

	The interior of the JAL toroid was so bland, so unremarka-
ble, so utterly like any crowded airport, that she felt like
laughing. There was the same scent of perfume, human ten-
sion, and heavily conditioned air, and the same background
hum of conversation. The point-eight gravity would have
made it easier to carry a suitcase, but she only had her black
purse Now she took her tickets from one of its zippered inner
pockets and checked the number of her connecting shuttle
against the columns of numbers arrayed on the nearest wall
screen.
	Two hours to departure. Whatever Virek might say, she
was sure that his machine was already busy, infiltrating the
shuttle's crew or roster of passengers, the substitutions lubri-
cated by a film of money . . There would be last-minute
illnesses, changes in plans, accidents
	Slinging the purse over her shoulder, she marched off
across the concave floor of white ceramic as though she
actually knew where she was going, or had some sort of plan,
but knowing, with each step she took, that she didn't.
	Those soft blue eyes haunted her
	"Daren you." she said, and a jowly Russian businessman
in a dark Ginza suit sniffed and raised his newsfax, blocking
her out of his world.

	"So I told the bitch, see, you gotta get those opto-isolators
and the breakout boxes out to Sweet Jane or I'll glue your ass
to the bulkhead with gasket paste...." Raucous female
laughter and Marly glanced up from her sushi tray. The three
women sat two empty tables away, their own table thick with
beer cans and stacks of styrofoam trays smeared with brown
soy sauce. One of them belched loudly and took a long pull at
her beer. "So how'd she take it, Rez?" This was somehow
the cue for another, longer burst of laughter, and the woman
who'd first attracted Marly's attention put her head down in
her arms and laughed until her shoulders shook. Marly stared
dully at the trio, wondering what they were. Now the laughter
had subsided and the first woman sat up, wiping tears from
her eyes. They were all quite drunk, Marly decided, young
and loud and rough-looking. The first woman was slight and
sharp-faced, with wide gray eyes above a thin straight nose.
Her hair was some impossible shade of silver, clipped short
like a schoolboy's, and she wore an oversized canvas vest or
sleeveless jacket covered entirely in bulging pockets, studs,
and rectangular strips of Velcro. The garment hung open,
revealing, from Marly's angle, a small round breast sheathed
in what seemed to be a bra of fine pink and black mesh. The
other two were older and heavier, the muscles of their bare
arms defined sharply in the seemingly sourceless light of the
terminal cafeteria.
	The first woman shrugged, her shoulders moving inside the
big vest. "Not that she'll do it." she said.
	The second woman laughed again, but not as heartily, and
consulted a chronometer riveted on a wide leather wristband.
"Me for off." she said. "Gotta Zion run, then eight pods of
algae for the Swedes." Then shoved her chair back from the
table, stood up, and Marly read the embroidered patch cen-
tered across the shoulders of her black leather vest.

O'GRADY - WMIMA

THE EDITH S.

INTERORBITAL HAULING

	Now the woman beside her stood, hitching up the waist-
band of her baggy jeans. "I tell you, Rez, you let that cunt
short you on those breakouts, it'll be bad for your name."
	"Excuse me," Marly said, fighting the quaver in her voice.
	The woman in the black vest turned and stared at her.
"Yeah?" The woman looked her up and down, unsmiling.
	"I saw your vest, the name Edith S., that's a ship, a
spaceship?"
	"A spaceship?" The woman beside her raised thick eye-
brows. "Oh, yeah, honey, a whole mighty spaceship!"
	"She's a tug," the woman in the black vest said, and
turned to go.
	"I want to hire you," Marly said.
	"Hire me?" Now they were all staring at her, faces blank
and unsmiling. "What's that mean?"
	Marly fumbled deep in the black Brussels purse and came
up with the half sheaf of New Yen that Paleologos the travel
agent had returned, after taking his fee. "I'll give you
this . .
	The girl with the short silver hair whistled softly. The
women glanced at one another. The one in the black vest
shrugged. "Jesus," she said. "Where you wanna go? Mars?"
	Marly dug into her purse again and produced the folded
blue paper from a pack of Gauloise. She handed it to the
woman in the black vest, who unfolded it and read the orbital
coordinates that Alain had written there in green feltpen.
	"Well," the woman said, "it's a quick enough hop. for
that kind of money, but O'Grady and I, we're due in Zion
2300GMT. Contract job. What about you, Rez?"
	She handed the paper to the seated girl, who read it, looked
up at Marly, and asked, "When?"
	"Now," Marly said, "right now."
	The girl pushed up from the table, the legs of her chair
clattering on the ceramic, her vest swinging open to reveal
that what Marly had taken for the net of a pink and black bra
was a single tattooed rose that entirely covered her left 
breast.
"You're on, sister, cash up."
	"Means give her the money now," O'Grady said.
"I don't want anyone to know where we're going," Marly
said.
	The three women laughed.
	"You come to the right girl," O'Grady said, and Rez
grinned.
 
THE RAIN CAME on when he turned east again, making for the
Sprawl's fringe `burbs and the blasted belt country of the
industrial zones. It came down in a solid wall, blinding him
until he found the switch for the wipers. Rudy hadn't kept the
blades in shape, so he slowed, the turbine's whine lowering
to a roar, and edged over the shoulder, the apron bag nosing
past shredded husks of truck tires.
	"What's wrong?''
	"I can't see. The wiper blades are rotten." He tapped the
button for the lights, and four tight beams stabbed out from
either side of the hover's wedge of hood and lost themselves
in the gray wall of the downpour. He shook his head.
	"Why don't we stop?"
	"We're too close to the Sprawl. They patrol all this.
Copters. They'd scan the ID panel on the roof and see we've
got Ohio plates and a weird chassis configuration. They might
want to check us out. We don't want that."
	"What are you going to do?"
	"Keep to the shoulder until I can turn off, then get us
under some cover, if I can .
	He held the hover steady and swung it around in place, the
headlights flashing off the dayglow orange diagonals on an
upright pole marking a service road. He made for the pole,
the bulging lip of the apron bag bobbling over a thick rectan-
gular crash guard of concrete. "This might do it," he said as
they slid past the pole. The service road was barely wide
enough for them; branches and undergrowth scratched against
the narrow side windows, scraping along the hover's steel-
plate flanks.
	"Lights down there," Angie said, straining forward in her
harness to peer through the rain.
	Turner made out a watery yellow glow and twin dark
uprights. He laughed. "Gas station," he said. "Left over
from the old system, before they put the big road through.
Somebody must live there. Too bad we don't run on gasoline
	He eased the hover down the gravel slope; as he drew
nearer, he saw that the yellow glow came from a pair of
rectangular windows. He thought he saw a figure move in one
of them. "Country," he said. "These boys may not be too
happy to see us." He reached into the parka and slid the
Smith & Wesson from its nylon holster, put it on the seat
between his thighs. When they were five meters from the
rusting gas pumps, he sat the hover down in a broad puddle
and killed the turbines. The rain ~was still pissing down in
windblown sheets, and he saw a figure in a flapping khaki
poncho duck out of the front door of the station. He slid the
side window open ten centimeters and raised his voice above
the rain: "Sony t' bother you. We had to get off the road.
Our wipers are trashed. Didn't know you were down here
The man's hands, in the glow from the windows, were hidden
beneath the plastic poncho, but it was obvious that he held
something.
	"Private property," the man said, his lean face streaked
with rain.
	"Couldn't stay on the road," Turner called. "Sony to
bother you..
	The man opened his mouth, began to gesture with the thing
he held beneath the poncho, and his head exploded. It almost
seemed to Turner that it happened before the red line of light
scythed down and touched him, pencil-thick beam swinging
casually, as though someone were playing with a flashlight.
A blossom of red, beaten down by the rain, as the figure went
to its knees and tumbled forward, a wire-stocked Savage 410
sliding from beneath the poncho.
	Turner hadn't been aware of moving, but he found that
he'd stoked the turbines, swung the controls over to Angie,
and clawed his way out of his harness. "I say go, run it
through the station ..." Then he was up, yanking at the
lever that opened the roof hatch, the heavy revolver in his
hand. The roar of the black Honda reached him as soon as the
hatch slid back, a lowering shadow overhead, just visible
through the driving rain. "Now!" He pulled the trigger be-
fore she could kick them forward and through the wall of the
old station, the recoil jarring his elbow numb against the roof
of the hover. The bullet exploded somewhere overhead with a
gratifying crack; Angie floored the hover and they plunged
through the woodframe structure, with barely enough time for
Turner to get his head and shoulders back down through the
hatch. Something in the house exploded, probably a propane
canister, and the hover skewed to the left.
	Angie swung them back around as they crashed out through
the far wall. "Where?" she yelled, above the turbine.
	As if in answer, the black Honda came corkscrewing down,
twenty meters in front of them, and threw up a silver sheet of
rain. Turner grabbed the controls and they slid forward, the
hover blasting up ten-meter fantails of ground water; they
took the little combat copter square in its polycarbon canopy,
its alloy fuselage crumpling like paper under the impact.
Turner backed off and went in again, faster. This time the
broken copter slammed into the trunks of two wet gray pines,
lay there like some kind of long-winged fly.
	"What happened?" Angie said, her hands to her face.
"What happened?"
	Turner tore registration papers and dusty sunglasses from a
compartment in the door beside him, found a flashlight,
checked its batteries.
	"What happened?" Angie said again, like a recording,
"What happened?"
	He scrambled back up through the hatch, the gun in one
hand, the light in the other The rain had slackened. He
jumped down onto the hover's hood, and then over the bump-
ers and into anlde-deep puddles, splashing toward the bent
black rotors of the Honda.
	There was a reek of escaping jet fuel. The polycarbon
canopy had cracked like an egg. He aimed the Smith &
Wesson and thumbed the xenon flash twice, two silent pops
of merciless light showing him blood and twisted limbs through
the shattered plastic. He waited, then used the flashlight. Two
of them. He came closer, holding the flashlight well away
from his body, an old habit. Nothing moved. The smell of
escaping fuel grew even stronger. Then he was tugging at the
bent hatch. It opened. They both wore image-amp goggles.
The round blank eye of the laser stared straight up into the
night, and he reached down to touch the matted sheepskin
collar of the dead man's bomber jacket The blood that
covered the man's beard looked very dark, almost black in
the flashlight's beam. It was Oakey. He swung the beam left
and saw that the other man, the pilot, was Japanese. He
swung the beam back and found a flat black flask beside
Oakey's foot. He picked it up, stuffed it into one of the
parka's pockets, and dashed back to the hover In spite of the
rain, orange flames were starting to lick up through the
wreckage of the gas station. He scrambled up the hover's
bumper, across the hood, up again, and down through the
hatch.
	"What happened?" Angie said, as though he hadn't left
"What happened?"
	He fell into his seat, not bothering with the harness, and
revved the turbine. "That's a Hosaka helicopter," he said,
swinging them around. "They mu'~t have been following us
They had a laser. They waited until we were off the highway.
Didn't want to leave us out there for the cops to find When
we pulled in here, they decided to go for us, but they must
have figured that that poor fucker was with us. Or maybe they
were just taking out a witness . .
	"His head," she said, her voice shaking, "his head
	"That was the laser," Turner said, steering back up the
service road. The rain was thinning, nearly gone. "Steam
The brain vaponzes and the skull blows .
	Angie doubled over and threw up. Turner steered with one
hand, Oakey's flask in the other. He pned the snap-fit lid
open with his teeth and gulped back a mouthful of Oakey's
Wild Turkey.
	As they reached the shoulder of the highway, the Honda's
fuel found the flames of the ruined station, and the twisted
fireball showed Turner the mall again, the light of the para-
chute flares, the sky whiting out as the Jet streaked for the
Sonora border.
	Angie straightened up, wiped her mouth with the back of
her hand, and began to shake
	"We've got to get out of here," he said, driving east
again. She said nothing, and he glanced sideways to see her
rigid and upright in her seat, her eyes showing white in the
faint glow of the instruments, her face blank. He'd seen her
that way in Rudy's bedroom, when Sally had called them in,
and now that same flood of language, a soft fast rattle of
something that might have been patois French. He had no
recorder, no time, he had to drive
	"Hang on," he said, as they accelerated, "you'll be okay
	." Sure she couldn't hear him at all. Her teeth were
chattering; he could hear it above the turbine. Stop, he 
thought,
long enough to get something between her teeth, his wallet or
a fold of cloth. Her hands were plucking spastically at the
straps of the harness
	"There is a sick child in my house." The hover nearly left
the pavement, when he heard the voice come from her mouth,
deep and slow and weirdly glutinous. "I hear the dice being
tossed, for her bloody dress. Many are the hands who dig her
grave tonight, and yours as well. Enemies pray for your
death, hired man They pray until they sweat. Their prayers
are a river of fever." And then a sort of croaking that might
have been laughter.
	Turner risked a glance, saw a silver thread of drool descend
from her rigid lips. The deep muscles of her face had con-
torted into a mask he didn't know. "Who are you?"
	"I am the Lord of Roads."
	"What do you want?"
	"This child for my horse, that she may move among the
towns of men. It is well that you drive east. Carry her to your
city I shall ride her again. And Samedi rides with you,
gunman. He is the wind you hold in your hands, but he is
fickle, the Lord of Graveyards, no matter that you have
served him well      He turned in time to see her slump
sideways in the harness, her head lolling, mouth slack.


"THIS is ThE Finn's phone program," said the speaker below
the screen, "and the Finn, he's not here. You wanna download,
you know the access code already. You wanna leave a mes-
sage, leave it already." Bobby stared at the image on the
screen and slowly shook his head Most phone programs were
equipped with cosmetic video subprograms written to bring
the video image of the owner into greater accordance with the
more widespread paradigms of personal beauty, erasing
blemishes and subtly molding facial outlines to meet idealized
statistical norms. The effect of a cosmetic program on the
Finn's grotesque features was definitely the weirdest thing
Bobby had ever seen, as though somebody had gone after the
face of a dead gopher with a full range of mortician's crayons
and paraffin injections.
	"That's not natural," said Jammer, sipping Scotch
	Bobby nodded.
	"Finn," Jammer said, "is agoraphobic. Gives him the
hives to leave that impacted shitpile of a shop. And he's a
phone junkie, can't not answer a call if he's there. I'm
starting to think the bitch is right. Lucas is dead and some
heavy shit is going down .
	"The bitch," Jackie said, from behind the bar, "knows
already."
	"She knows," Jammer said, putting the plastic glass down
and fingering his bob tie, "she knows. Talked to a hoodoo in
the matrix, so she knows .
"Well, Lucas isn't answering, and Beauvoir isn't answer-
ing, so maybe she's right." Bobby reached out and shut off
the phone as the record tone began to squeal.
	Jammer was gotten up in a pleated shirt, white dinner
jacket, and black trousers with satin stripes down the leg, and
Bobby took this to be his working outfit for the club. "No-
body's here," he said now, looking from Bobby to Jackie.
"Where's Bogue and Sharkey? Where's the waitresses?"
	"Who's Bogue and Sharkey?" Bobby asked.
	"The bartenders I don't like this." He got up from his
chair, walked to the door, and gently edged one of the
curtains aside. "What the fuck are those dipshits doing out
there? Hey, Count, this looks like your speed. Get over
here
	Bobby got up, full of misgivingshe hadn't felt like tell-
ing Jackie or Jammer about letting Leon see him, because he
didn't want to look like a wilsonand walked over to where
the club owner stood.
	"Go on. Take a peek. Don't let `em see you. They're
pretending so hard not to watch us~ you can almost smell it."
	Bobby moved the curtain, careful to keep the crack no
more than a centimeter wide, and looked out. The shopping
crowd seemed to have been replaced almost entirely by black-
crested Gothick boys in leather and studs, andamazingly-by
an equal proportion of blond Kasuals, the latter decked out in
the week's current Shinjuku cottons and gold-buckled white
loafers. "I dunno," Bobby said, looking up at Jammer, "but
they shouldn't be together, Kasuals and Gothicks, you know?
They're like natural enemies, it's in the DNA or some-
thing .." He took another look. "Goddamn, there's about
a hundred of `em."
	Jammer stuck his hands deep in his pleated trousers. "You
know any of those guys personally?"
	"Gothicks, I know some of `em to talk to. Except it's hard
to tell `em apart Kasuals, they'll stomp anything that isn't
Kasual. That's mainly what they're about. But I just been cut
up by Lobes anyway, and Lobes are supposed to be under
treaty with the Gothicks, so who knows?"
	Jammer sighed. "So, I guess you don't feel like strolling
out there and asking one what they think they're up to?"
	"No," Bobby said earnestly, "I don't."
	"Hmmm." Jammer looked at Bobby in a calculating way,
a way that Bobby definitely didn't like.
	Something small and hard dropped from the high black
ceiling and clicked loudly on one of the round black tables.
The thing bounced and hit the carpet, rolling, and landed
between the toes of Bobby's new boots. Automatically, he
bent and picked it up. An old-fashioned, slot-headed machine
screw, its threads brown with rust and its head clotted with
dull black latex paint. He looked up as a second one struck
the table, and caught a glimpse of an unnervingly agile
Jammer vaulting the bar, beside the universal credit unit.
Jammer vanished, there was a faint ripping soundVelcro
and Bobby knew that Jammer had the squat little automatic
weapon he'd seen there earlier in the day. He looked around,
but Jackie was nowhere in sight.
	A third screw ticked explosively on the formica of the
tabletop.
	Bobby hesitated, confused, but then followed Jackie's exam-
pIe and got out of sight, moving as quietly as he could. He
crouched behind one of the club's ~vooden screens and watched
as the fourth screw came down, followed by a slender cas-
cade of fine dark dust. There was a scraping sound, and then
a square steel ceiling grate vanished abruptly, withdrawn into
some kind of duct. He glanced quickly to the bar, in time to
see the fat recoil compensator on the barrel of Jammer's gun
as it swung up.
	A pair of thin brown legs dangled from the opening now,
and a gray sharkskin hem smudged with dust.
	"Hold it," Bobby said, "it's Beauvoir!"
	"You bet it's Beauvoir," came the voice from above, big
and hollow with the echo of the duct. "Get that danm table
out of the way."
	Bobby scrambled out from behind the screen and hauled
the table and chairs to the side.
	"Catch this," Beauvoir said, and dangled a bulging olive-
drab pack from one of its shoulder straps, then let it go The
weight of the thing nearly took Bobby to the floor. "Now get
out of my way     Beauvoir swung down out of the duct,
hung from the opening's edge with both hands, then dropped.
	"What happened to the screamer I had up there?" Jammer
asked, standing up behind the bar, the little machine gun in
his hands.
	"Right here," Beauvoir said, tossing a dull gray bar of
phenolic resin to the carpet. It was wrapped with a length of
fine black wire. "No other way I could get in here without a
regular anny of shitballs knowing about it, as it happens.
Somebody's obviously given them the blueprints to the place,
but they've missed that one,"
	"How'd you get up to the roof?" Jackie asked, stepping
from behind a screen.
	"I didn't," Beauvoir said, pushing his big plastic frames
back up his nose. "I shot a line of monomol across from the
stack next door, then slid over on a ceramic spindle ..." His
short nappy hair was full of furnace dust, He looked at her
gravely. "You know," he said,
	"Yes. Legba and Papa Ougou, in the matrix. I jacked with
Bobby, on Jammer's deck . .
	"They blew Ahmed away on the Jersey freeway. Probably
used the same launcher they did Bobby's old lady with . .
	"Who?"
	"Still not sure," Beauvoir said, kneeling beside the pack
and clicking open the quick-release plastic fasteners, "but it's
starting to shape up . . . What I was working on, up until I
heard Lucas had been hit, was running down the Lobes who
mugged Bobby for his deck, That was probably an accident,
just business as usual, but somewhere there's a couple of
Lobes with our icebreaker . . . That had potential, for sure,
because the Lobes are hotdoggers, some of them, and they do
a little business with Two-a-Day. So Two-a-Day and I were
making the rounds, looking to learn what we could. Which
was dick, as it turned out, except that while we were with this
dust case called Alix, who's second assistant warlord or
something, he gets a call from his opposite number, who
Two-a-Day pins as a Barrytown Gothick name of Raymond."
He was unloading the pack as he spoke, laying out weapons,
tools, ammunition, coils of wire. "Raymond wants to talk
real bad, but Alix is too cool to do it in front of us, `Sorry,
gentlemen, but this is official warlord biz,' this dumbshit
says, so natch. we excuse our humble selves, shuffle and bow
and all, and nip around the corner. Use Two-a-Day's modular
phone to ring up our cowboys back in the Sprawl and put
them on to Alix's phone, but fast. Those cowboys went into
Alix's conversation with Raymond like a wire into cheese."
He pulled a deformed twelve-gauge shotgun, barely longer
than his forearm, from the pack, selected a fat drum magazine
from the display he'd made on the carpet, and clicked the two
together, "You ever see one of these motherfuckers? South
African, prewar ..." Something in his voice and the set of
his jaw made Bobby suddenly aware of his contained fury.
"Seems Raymond has been approached by this guy, and this
guy has lots of money, and he wants to hire the Gothicks
outright, the whole apparat, to go into the Sprawl and do a
number, a real crowd scene This guy wants it so big, he's
gonna hire the Kasuals too. Well, the shit hit the fan then,
because Alix, he's kind of conservative. Only good Kasual's
a dead one, and then only after x number of hours of torture,
etc, `Fuck that,' Raymond says, ever the diplomat. `We're
talking big money here, we're talking corporate.' "He opened
a box of fat red plastic shells and began to load the gun,
cranking one after another into the magazine. "Now I could
be way off, but I keep seeing these Maas Biolabs PR types on
video lately Something very weird's happened, out on some
property of theirs in Arizona. Some people say it was a nuke,
some people say it was something else. And now they're
claiming their top biosoft man's dead, in what they call an
unrelated accident. That's Mitchell, the guy who more or less
invented the stuff. So far, nobody else is even pretending to
be able to make a biochip, so Lucas and I assumed from the
beginning that Maas had made that icebreaker " If it was an
icebreaker, . . But we had no idea who the Finn got it from,
or where they got it But if you put all that together, it looks
like Maas Biolabs might be out to cook us all. And this is
where they plan to do it, because they got us here but good."
"I dunno," Jammer said, "we got a lot of friends in this
building .
  "Had," Beauvoir put the shotgun down and started loading
a Nambu automatic, "Most of the people on this level and the
next one down got bought out this afternoon. Cash. Duffels
full of it, There's a few holdouts, but not enough."
 "That doesn't make any sense," Jackie said, taking the
glass of Scotch from Jammer's hand and drinking it straight
off. "What do we have that anybody could want that bad?"
 "Hey," Bobby said, "don't forget, they probably don't
know those Lobes ripped me for the icebreaker. Maybe that's
all they want."
 "No," Beauvoir said, snapping the magazine into the
Nambu, "because they couldn't have known you hadn't stashed
it in your mother's place, right?"
"But maybe they went there and looked. .
 "So how did they know Lucas wasn't carrying it in Abmed?"
Jammer said, walking back to the bar.
 "Finn thought someone sent those three ninjas to kill him,
too," Bobby said. "Said they had stuff to make him answer
questions first, though . .
	"Maas again," Beauvoir said. "Whoever, here's the deal
with the Kasuals and Gothicks. We'd know more, but Alix
the Lobe got on his high horse and wouldn't parley with
Raymond. No co-employment with the hated Kasuals. Near
as our cowboys could make out, the army's outside to keep
you people in. And to keep people like me out. People with
guns and stuff." He handed the loaded Nambu to Jackie.
"You know how to use a gun?" he asked Bobby.
	"Sure," Bobby lied.
	"No," Jammer said, "we got enough trouble without arm-
ing him. Jesus Christ .
"What all that suggests to me," Beauvoir said, "is that we
can expect somebody else to come in after us. Somebody a
little more professional . .
	"Unless they just blow Hypermart all to shit and gone,"
Jammer said, "and all those zombies with it . .
	"No," Bobby said, "or else they'd already have done it."
	They all stared at him.
	"Give the boy credit," Jackie said. "He's got it right."

Thirty minutes later and Jammer was staring glumly at
Beauvoir. "I gotta hand it to you. That's the most half-assed
plan I've heard in a long time."
	"Yeah, Beauvoir," Bobby cut in, "why can't we just
crawl back up that vent, sneak across the roof, and get over to
the next building? Use the line you came over on."
	"There's Kasuals on the roof like flies on shit,' Beauvoir
said. "Some of them might even have brain enough to have
found the cap I opened to get down here. I left a couple of
baby frag mines on my way in." He grinned mirthlessly.
"Aside from that, the building next door is taller. I had to go
up on that roof and shoot the monomol down to this one. You
can't hand-over-hand up monomolecular filament; your fin-
gers fall off."
	"Then how the hell did you expect to get out?" Bobby
said.
"Drop it, Bobby," Jackie said quietly. "Beauvoir's done
what he had to do. Now he's in here with us, and we're
armed"
	"Bobby," Beauvoir said, "why don't you run the plan
back to us, make sure we understand it.
	Bobby had the uncomfortable feeling that Beauvoir wanted
to make sure he understood it, but he leaned back against the
bar and began. "We get ourselves all armed up and we wait,
okay? Jammer and I, we go out with his deck and scout around
the matrix, maybe we get some idea what's happening .
	"I think I can handle that by myself," Jammer said.
	"Shit!" Bobby was off the bar "Beauvoir said! I wanna
go, I wanna jack! How am lever supposed to learn anything?"
	"Never mind, Bobby," Jackie said, "you go on."
	"Okay," Bobby said, sulkily, "so, sooner or later, the
guys who hired the Gothicks and Kasuals to keep us here,
they're gonna come for us. When they do, we take `em. We
get at least one of `em alive. Same time, we're on our way
out, and the Goths `n' all, they won't expect all the fire-
power, so we get to the street and head for the Projects .
	"I think that about covers it," Jammer said, strolling
across the carpet to the locked and curtained door. "I think
that about sums it up." He pressed his thumb against a coded
latch plate and pulled the door half open. "Hey, you!" he
bellowed. "Not you! You with the hat! Get your ass over
here. I want to talk"
	The pencil-thick red beam pierced door and curtain, two of
Jammer's fingers, and winked over the bar. A bottle ex-
ploded, its contents billowing out as steam and vaporized
esters. Jammer let the door swing shut again, stared at his
ruined hand, then sat down hard on the carpet. The club
slowly filled with the Christmas-tree smell of boiled gin.
Beauvoir took a silver pressure bottle from the bar counter
and hosed the smouldering curtain with seltzer, until the
CO2 cartridge was exhausted and the stream faltered. "You're
in luck, Bobby," Beauvoir said, tossing the bottle over his
shoulder, " `cause brother Jammer, he ain't gonna be punch-
ing any deck .
	Jackie was making clucking sounds over Jammer's hand,
kneeling down. Bobby caught a glimpse of cauterized flesh,
then quickly looked away.

"You KNOW," REZ said, hanging upside down in front of
Marly, "it's strictly no biz of mine, but is somebody maybe
expecting you when we get there? I mean, I'm taking you
there, for sure, and if you can't get in, I'll take you back to
JAL Term But if nobody wants to let you in, I don't know
how long I want to hang around. That thing's scrap, and we
get some funny people hanging out in the hulks, out here."
Rezor Ther~se, Marly gathered, from the laminated pilot's
license clipped to the Sweet Jane's consolehad removed her
canvas work vest for the trip.
	Marly, numb with the rainbow of derms Rez had pasted
along her wrist to counteract the convulsive nausea of space
adaptation syndrome, stared at the rose tattoo. It had been
executed in a Japanese style hundreds of years old, and Marly
woozily decided that she liked it. That, in fact, she liked Rez,
who was at once hard and girlish and concerned for her
strange passenger. Rez had admired her leather jacket and
purse, before bundling them into a kind of narrow nylon net
hammock already stuffed with cassettes, print books, and
unwashed clothing.
	"I don't know," Marly managed, "I'll just have to try to
getin. ."
	"You know what that thing is, sister?" Rez was adjusting
the g-web around Marly's shoulders and armpits.
	"What thing?" Marly blinked.
	"Where we're going. It's part of the old Tessier-Ashpool
cores. Used to be the mainframes for their corporate mem-
ory.
	"I've heard of them," Marly said, closing her eyes. "An-
drea told me     
	"Sure, everybody's heard of `emthey used to own alla
Freeside. Built it, even. Then they went tits up and sold out
Had their family place cut off the spindle and towed to
another orbit, but they had the cores wiped before they did
that, and torched `em off and sold `em to a scrapper. The
scrapper's never done anything with `em I never heard any-
body was squatting there, but out here you live where you can
	I guess that's true for anybody. Like they say that Lady
Jane, old Ashpool's daughter. she's still living in their old
place, stone crazy     She gave the g-web a last profes-
sional tug. "Okay. You just relax. I'm gonna burn Jane hard
for twenty minutes, but it'll get us there fast, which I figure 
is
what you're paying for.."
	And Marly slid back into a landscape built all of boxes,
vast wooden Cornell constructions where the solid residues of
love and memory were displayed behind rain-streaked sheets
of dusty glass, and the figure of the mysterious boxmaker fled
before her down avenues paved with mosaics of human teeth,
Marly's Paris boots clicking blindly over symbols outlined in
dull gold crowns. The boxmaker was male and wore Alain's
green jacket, and feared her above all things. "I'm sorry,"
she cried, running after him, "I'm sorry . .

	"Yeah. Ther~se Lorenz, the Sweet Jane. You want the
numbers? What? Yeah, sure we're pirates. I'm Captain fuck-
ing Hook already. . Look, Jack, lemme give you the
numbers, you can check it out. . . . I said already. I gotta
passenger. Request permission, et Goddamn cetera. . . . Marly
Something, speaks French in her sleep ."
	Many's lids flickered, opened Rez was webbed in front of
her, each small muscle of her back precisely defined. "Hey,"
Rez said, twisting around in the web, "I'm sorry. I raised
`em for you, but they sound pretty flaky. You religious?"
	"No," Marly said, baffled.
	Rez made a face. "Well, I hope you can make sense out of
this shit, then." She shrugged out of the web and executed a
tight backward somersault that brought her within centimeters
of Marly's face An optic ribbon trailed from her hand to the
console, and for the first time Marly saw the delicate sky-blue
socket set flush with the skin of the girl~s wrist. She popped a
speaker-bead into Marly's right ear and adjusted the trans-
parent microphone tube that curved down from it.
	"You have no right to disturb us here," a man's voice
said. "Our work is the work of God, and we alone have seen
His true face!"
	"Hello? Hello, can you hear me? My name is Marly
Krushkhova and I have urgent business with you. Or with
someone at these coordinates. My business concerns a series
of boxes, collages. The maker of these boxes may be in
terrible danger! I must see him!"
	"Danger?" The man coughed. "God alone decides man's
fate! We are entirely without fear. But neither are we
fools..."
	"Please, listen to me. I was hired by Josef Virek to locate
the maker of the boxes. But now I have come to warn you.
Virek knows you are here, and his agents will follow me
	Rez was staring at her hard.
	"You must let me in! I can tell you more .
	"Virek?" There was a long, static-filled pause. "Josef
Virek?"
	"Yes." Marly said. "That one You've seen his picture
all your life, the one with the king of England . . . Please,
please .
	"Give me your pilot," the voice said, and the bluster and
hysteria were gone, replaced with something Marly liked
even less.

	"It's a spare," Rez said, snapping the mirrored helmet
from the red suit. "I can afford it, you paid me enough.
	"No," Marly protested, "really, you needn't         
She shook her head, Rez was undoing the fastenings at the
spacesuit's waist.
	"You don't go into a thing like that without a suit," she
said. "You don't know what they got for atmosphere. You
don't even know they got atmosphere! And any kinda bacte-
ria, spores . . What's the matter?" Lowering the silver
helmet.
	"I'm claustrophobic!"
	"Oh     Rez stared at her. "I heard of that . . . It means
you're scared to be inside things?" She looked genuinely
curious.
	"Small things, yes."
"Like Sweet Jane?"
	"Yes, but     She glanced at the cramped cabin, fight-
ing her panic. "I can stand this, but not the helmet." She
shuddered.
	"Well," Rez said, "tell you what. We get you into the
suit, but we leave the helmet off. I'll teach you how to fasten
it. Deal? Otherwise, you don't leave my ship . ." Her
mouth was straight and firm.
	"Yes," Marly said, "yes

"Here's the drill," Rez said. "We're lock to lock. This
hatch opens, you get in, I close it. Then I open the other side.
Then you're in whatever passes for atmosphere, in there. You
sure you don't want the helmet on?"
"No," Marly said, looking down at the helmet she grasped
in the suit's red gauntlets. at her pale reflection in the mir-
rored faceplate
Rez made a little clicking sound with her tongue. "Your
life. If you want to get back, have them put a message
through JAL Term for the Sweet Jane."
	Marly kicked off clumsily and spun forward into the lock,
no larger than an upright coffin. The red suit's breastplate
clicked hard against the outer hatch, and she heard the inner
one hiss shut behind her. A light came on, beside her head,
and she thought of the lights in refrigerators. "Good-bye,
Ther~se."
	Nothing happened. She was alone with the beating of her
heart.
	Then the Sweet Jane's outer hatch slid open. A slight
pressure differential was enough to tumble her out into a
darkness that smelled old and sadly human, a smell like a
long-abandoned locker room. There was a thickness, an un-
clean dampness to the air, and, still tumbling, she saw Sweet
Jane's hatch slide shut behind her. A beam of light stabbed
past her, wavered, swung, and found her spinning.
	"Lights," someone bawled hoarsely. "lights for our guest!
Jones!" It was the voice she'd heard through the ear-bead. It
rang strangely, in the iron vastness of this place, this hollow
she fell through, and then there was a grating sound and a
distant ring of harsh blue flared up, showing her the far curve
of a wall or hull of steel and welded lunar rock. The surface
was lined and pitted with precisely carved channels and de-
pressions, where equipment of some kind had once been
fitted. Scabrous clumps of brown expansion foam still ad-
hered in some of the deeper cuts, and others were lost in dead
black shadow .." You'd better get a line on her, Jones,
before she cracks her head .
	Something struck the shoulder of her suit with a damp
smack, and she turned her head to see a pink gob of bright
plastic trailing a finc pink line, which jerked taut as she
watched, flipping her around. The derelict cathedral space
filled with the laboring whine of an engine, and, quite slowly,
they reeled her in
	"It took you long enough," the voice said. "I wondered
who would be first, and now it's Virek . .. Mammon . .
And then they had her, spinning her around. She almost lost
the helmet: it was drifting away, but one of them batted it
back into her hands. Her purse, with her boots and jacket
folded inside, executed its own arc, on its shoulder strap, and
bumped the side of her head.
	"Who are you?" she asked.
	"Ludgate!" the old man roared. "Wigan Ludgate, as you
well know. Who else did he send you to deceive?" His
seamed, blotched face was cleanshaven, but his gray, un-
trimmed hair floated free, seaweed on a tide of stale air.
	"I'm sorry," she said. "I'm not here to deceive you. I no
longer work for Virek . . . I came here because . . I mean,
I'm not at all sure why I came here, to begin with, but on my
way I learned that the artist who makes the boxes is in
danger. Because there~s something else, something Virek
thinks he has, something Virek thinks will free him from his
cancers      Her words ran down to silence, in the face of
the almost palpable craziness that radiated from Wigan Ludgate,
and she saw that he wore the cracked plastic carapace of an
old work suit, with cheap metal crucifixes epoxied like a
necklace around the tarnished steel helmet ring. His face was
very close. She could smell his decaying teeth.
	"The boxes!" Little balls of spittle curled off his lips,
obeying the elegant laws of Newtonian physics. "You whore!
They're of the hand of God!"
	"Easy there, Lud," said a second voice, `~youre scam'
the lady Easy, lady, `cause old Lud, he hasn't got too many
visitors. Gets him quite worked up, y'see, but he's basically a
harmless old bugger     She turned her head and met the
relaxed gaze of a pair of wide blue eyes in a very young face.
"I'm Jones," he said, "I live here, too . .
	Wigan Ludgate threw back his head and howled, and the
sound rang wild against the walls of steel and stone.

	"Mostly, y'see," Jones was saying as Marly pulled her
way behind him along a knotted line stretched taut down a
corridor that seemed to have no end, "he's pretty quiet.
Listens to his voices, y'know. Talks to himself, or maybe to
the voices, I dunno, and then a spell comes on him and he's
	like this	When he stopped speaking, she could still hear
faint echoes of Ludgate's howls. "You may think it's cruel,
me leavin' him this way, but it's best, really. He'll tire of it
soon. Gets hungry. Then he comes to find me. Wants his~
tuck, y'see."
 "Are you Australian?" she asked.
 ~`New Melbourne," he said. "Or was, before I got up the
well .
 "Do you mind my asking why yoU're here? I mean, here in
this, this . . .	What is it?"
 The boy laughed. "Mostly, I call it the Place. Lud, he calls
it a lot of things, but mostly the Kingdom. Figures he's found
God, he does. Suppose he has, if you want to look at it that
way. Near as I make it, he was some kind of console crook
before he got up the well. Don't know how he came to be
here, exactly, other than that it suits the poor bastard .
Me, I came here runnin', understand? Trouble somewhere,
not to be too specific, and my arse for out of there. Turn up
herethat's a long tale of its ownand here's bloody Ludgate
near to starvin'. He'd had him a sort of business, sellin'
things he'd scavenge, and those boxes you're after, but he'd
gotten a bit far gone for that. His buyers would come, oh,
say, three times a year, but he'd send `em away. Well. I
thought, the hidin' here's as good as any, so I took to helpin
him. That's it, I guess

	"Can you take me to the artist? Is he here? It's extremely
urgent .
	"I'll take you, no fear. But this place, it was never really
built for people, not to get around in, I mean, so it's a bit 
of a
journey . . . It isn't likely to be going anywhere, though.
	Can't guarantee it'll make a box for you. Do you really work
for Virek? Fabulous rich old shit on the telly? Kraut, isn't
he?"
	"I did," she said, "for a number of days. As for national-
ity, I would guess Herr Virek is the sole citizen of a nation
consisting of Herr Virek . .
	"See what you mean," Jones said, cheerily. "It's all the
same, with these rich old fucks, I suppose, though it's more
fun than watching a bloody zaibatsu . . You won't see a
zaibatsu come to a messy end, will you? Take old Ashpool
countryman of mine, he waswho built all this; they say his
own daughter slit his throat, and now she's bad as old Lud,
holed up in the family castle somewhere. The Place being a
former part of all that, y'see."
	"Rez. . . I mean, my pilot, said something like that. And
a friend of mine, in Paris, mentioned the Tessier-Ashpools
recently . . . The clan is in eclipse?"
	"Eclipse? Lord! Down the bloody tube's more like it.
Think about it: We're crawhn', you an' me, through what
used to be their corporate data cores. Some contractor in
Pakistan bought the thing; hull's fine, and there's a fair bit 
of
gold in the circuitry, but not as cheap to recover as some
might like ...It' s been hangin' up here ever since, with only
old Lud to keep it company, and it him. Till I come along,
that is. Guess one day the crews'll come up from Pakistan
and get cuttin' . . Funny, though, how much of it still
seems to work, at least part of the time Story I heard, one
got me here in the first place, said T-A's wiped the cores
dead, before they cut it loose
	"But you think they are still operative?"
	"Lord, yes. About the way Lud is, if you call that opera-
	tive. What do you think your boxmaker is?"
	"What do you know about Maas Biolabs?"
	"Moss what?"
	"Maas. They make biochips
	`Oh. Them. Well, that's all I do know about `em . .
	"Ludgate speaks of them?"
	"He might. Can't say as I listen all that close. Lud, he
does speak a fair bit

HE BROUGHT ThEM in through avenues lined with rusting slopes
of dead vehicles, with wrecker's cranes and the black towers
of smelters. He kept to the back streets as they eased into the
western flank of the Sprawl, and eventually gunned the hover
down a brick canyon, armored sides scraping sparks. and
drove it hard into a wall of soot-blown, compacted garbage.
An avalanche of refuse slid down, almost covering the vehi-
cle, and he released the controls, watching the foam dice
swing back and forth, side to side The kerosene gauge had
been riding on empty for the last twelve blocks.
	"What happened back there?" she said, her cheekbones
green in the glow of the instruments.
	"I shot down a helicopter. Mostly by accident. We were
lucky."
	"No, I mean after that. I was . . . I had a dream."
	"What did you dream?"
	"The big things, moving
	"You had some kind of seizure."
	"Am I sick? Do you think I'm sick? Why did the company
want to kill me?"
	"I don't think you're sick."
	She undid her harness and scrambled back over the seat, to
crouch where they had slept. "It was a bad dream .." She
began to tremble. He climbed out of his harness and went to
her, held her head against him, stroking her hair, smoothing it
back against the delicate skull, stroking it back behind her
cars Her face in the green glow like something hauled from
dreams and abandoned, the skin smooth and thin across the
bones. The black sweatshirt half unzipped, he traced the
fragile line of her collarbone with a fingertip. Her skin was
cool, moist with a film of sweat. She clung to him.
	He closed his eyes and saw his body in a sun-striped bed,
beneath a slow fan with blades of brown hardwood His body
pumping, jerking like an amputated limb, Allison's head
thrown back, mouth open, lips taut across her teeth.
	Angie pressed her face into the hollow of his neck.
	She groaned, stiffened, rocked back "Hired man," the
voice said. And he was back against the driver's seat, the
Smith & Wesson's barrel reflecting a single line of green
instrument glow, the luminous head on its front sight eclips-
ing her left pupil.
	~No," the voice said.
	He lowered the gun, "You're back."
	"No. Legba spoke to you. I am Samedi."
"Saturday?"
	"Baron Saturday, hired man. You met me once on a
hillside. The blood lay on you like dew. I drank of your full
heart that day." Her body jerked violently. "You know this
town well .
	"Yes." He watched as muscles tensed and relaxed in her
face, molding her features into a new mask
	"Very well. Leave the vehicle here, as you intended. But
follow the stations north. To New York. Tonight. I will guide
you with Legba's horse then, and you will kill for me
"Kill who?"
	"The one you most wish to kill, hired man."
	Angie moaned, shuddered, and began to sob.
	"It's okay," he said. "We're half way home." It was a
meaningless thing to say, he thought, helping her out of the
seat; neither of them had homes at all. He found the case of
cartridges in the parka and replaced the one he'd used on the
Honda He found a paint-spattered razor-knife, in the dash
tool kit and sliced the ripstop lining out of the parka, a
million microtubes of poly insulation whirling up as he cut.
When he'd stripped it out, he put the Smith & Wesson in the
holster and put the parka on. It hung around him in folds, like
an oversized raincoat, and didn't show the bulge of the big
gun at all.
	"Why did you do that?" she asked, running the back of
her hand across her mouth.
	"Because ifs hot out there and I need to cover the gun."
He stuffed the ziploc full of used New Yen into a pocket.
"Come on," he said, "we got subways to catch

	Condensation dripped steadily from the old Georgetown
dome, built forty years after the ailing Federals decamped for
the lower reaches of McLean. Washington was a Southern
city, always had been, and you felt the tone of the Sprawl
shift here if you rode the trains down the stations from
Boston. The trees in the District were lush and green, and
their leaves shaled the arc lights as Turner and Angela Mitch-
ell made their way along the broken sidewalks to Dupont
Circle and the station There were drums in the circle, and
someone had lit a trash fire in the giant's marble goblet at the
center. Silent figures sat beside spread blankets as they 
passed,
the blankets arrayed with surreal assortments of merchandise:
the damp-swollen cardboard coveis of black plastic audio
disks beside battered prosthetic limbs trailing crude nerve-
jacks, a dusty glass fishbowl filled with oblong steel dog tags,
rubber-banded stacks of faded postcards, cheap Indo trodes
still sealed in wholesaler~s plastic, mismatched ceramic salt-
and-pepper sets, a golf club with a peeling leather grip, Swiss
army knives with missing blades, a dented tin wastebasket
lithographed with the face of a president whose name Turner
could almost remember (Carter? Grosvenor?), fuzzy holo-
grams of the Monument
	In the shadows near the station's entrance, Turner haggled
quietly with a Chinese boy in white Jeans, exchanging the
smallest of Rudy's bills for nine alloy tokens stamped with
the ornate BAMA Transit logo.
	Two of the tokens admitted them to the station. Three of
them went into vending machines for bad coffee and stale
pastries. The remaining four carried them north, the train
rushing silently along on its magnetic cushion. He sat back
with his arms around her, and pretended to close his eyes; he
watched their reflections in the opposite window. A tall man,
gaunt now and unshaven, hunched back in defeat with a
hollow-eyed girl curled beside him. She hadn't spoken since
they'd left the alley where he'd abandoned the hover.
	For the second time in an hour he considered phoning his
agent. If you had to trust someone, the rule ran, then trust
your agent. But Conroy had said he'd hired Qakey and the
others through Turner's agent, and the connection made Turner
dubious. Where was Conroy tonight? Turner was fairly cer-
tain that it would have been Conroy who ordered Oakey after
them with the laser. Would Hosaka have arranged the railgun,
in Arizona, to erase evidence of a botched defection attempt?
But if they had, why order Webber to destroy the medics,
their neurosurgery, and the Maas-Neotek deck? And there
was Mans again. . . . Had Maas killed Mitchell? Was there
any reason to believe that Mitchell was really dead? Yes, he
thought, as the girl stirred beside him in uneasy sleep, there
was: Angie. Mitchell had feared they~d kill her, he'd arranged
the defection in order to get her out. get her to Hosaka, with
no plan for his own escape. Or that was Angie's version,
anyway.
	He closed his eyes, shut out the reflections. Something
stirred, deep in the silt of Mitchell's recorded memories.
Shame. He couldn~t quite reach it. . . . He opened his eyes
suddenly. What had she said, at Rudy's? That her father had
put the thing into her head because she wasn't smart enough?
Careful not to disturb her, he worked his arm from behind her
neck and slid two fingers into the waist pocket of his pants,
came up with Conroy's little black nylon envelope on its neck
cord. He undid the Velcro and shook the swollen, asym-
metrical gray biosoft out onto his open palm. Machine dreams.
Roller coaster. Too fast, too alien to grasp. But if you wanted
something, something specific, you should be able to pull it
out.
	He dug his thumbnail under the socket's dustcover, pried it
out, and put it down on the plastic seat beside him. The train
was nearly empty, and none of the other passengers seemed
to be paying any attention to him. He took a deep breath, set
his teeth, and inserted the biosoft
	Twenty seconds later, he had it, the thing he'd gone for.
The strangeness hadn't touched him, this time, and he de-
cided that that was because he'd gone after this one specific
thing, this fact, exactly the sort of data you'd expect to find 
in
the dossier of a top research man: his daughter's IQ, as
reflected by annual batteries of tests.
	Angela Mitchell was well above the norm. Had been, all
along.
	He took the biosoft out of his socket and rolled it absently
between thumb and forefinger. The shame. Mitchell and the
shame and grad school. . . . Grades, he thought. I want the
bastard's grades. I want his transcripts.
	He jacked the dossier again.
	Nothing. He'd gotten it, but there was nothing.
No. Again.
Ag~n...
	"Goddamn," he said, seeing it.
	A teenager with a shaved head glanced at him from a seat
across the aisle, then turned back to the stream of his friend's
monologue: "They're gonna run the games again, up on the
hill, midnight. We're goin', but we're just gonna hang, we're
not gonna make it, just kick back and let `em thump each
other's butts, and we're gonna laugh, see who gets thumped,
`cause last week Susan got her arm busted, you there for that?
An' it was funny, `cause Cal was tryin' t' takem to the
hospital but he was dusted `n' he ran that shitty Yamaha over
aspeedbump. .
	Turner snapped the biosoft back into his socket.
	This time, when it was over, he `said nothing at all. He put
his arm back around Angie and smiled, seeing the smile in
the window. It was a feral smile; it belonged to the edge
	Mitchell's academic record was good, extremely good
Excellent. But the arc wasn't there. The arc was something
Turner had learned to look for in the dossiers of research
people, that certain signal curve of brilliance. He could spot
the arc the way a master machinist could identify metals by
observing the spark plume off a grinding wheel. And Mitchell
hadn't had it.
	The shame. The graduate dorms Mitchell had known,
known he wasn't going to make it. And then, somehow, he
had. How? It wouldn't be in the dossier. Mitchell, somehow,
had known how to edit what he gave the Maas security
machine. Otherwise, they would have been on to him
Someone, something, had found Mitchell in his postgraduate
slump and had started feeding him things. Clues, directions.
And Mitchell had gone to the top, his arc hard and bright and
perfect then, and it had carried him to the top .
Who? What?
	He watched Angie's sleeping face in the shudder of subway
light.
	Faust.
	Mitchell had cut a deal. Turner might never know the
details of the agreement, or Mitchell's price, but he knew he
understood the other side of it. What Mitchell had been
required to do in return.
	Legba, Samedi, spittle curling from the girl's contorted
lips.
	And the train swept into old Union in a black blast of
midnight air.

	"Cab, sir?" The man's eyes were moving behind glasses
with a polychrome tint that swirled like oil slicks. There were
flat, silvery sores across the backs of his hands. Turner
stepped in close and caught his upper arm, without breaking
stride, forcing him back against a wall of scratched white tile.
between gray ranks of luggage lookers.
	"Cash," Turner said. "I'm paying New Yen. I want my
cab. No trouble with the driver Understand? I'm not a mark."
He tightened his grip. "Fuck up on me, I'll come back here
and kill you, or make you wish I had."
	"Got it Yessir. Got it. We can do that, sir, yessir. Where d'
you wanna go to, sir?" The man's wasted features contorted
in pain.
	"Hired man." the voice came from Angie, a hoarse whis-
per. And then an address. Turner saw the tout's eyes dart
nervously behind the swirls of colors. "That's Madison?" he
croaked. "Yessir. Get you a good cab, real good cab . .

	"What is this place," Turner asked the cabby, leaning
forward to thumb the SPEAK button beside the steel speaker
grid, "the address we gave you?"
	There was a crackle of static. "Hypermart. Not much open
there this time of night. Looking for anything in particular?"
	"No," Turner said. He didn't know the place. He tried to
remember that stretch of Madison, Residential, mostly. Un-
counted living spaces carved out of the shells of commercial
buildings that dated from a day when commerce had required
clerical workers to be present physically at a central loca-
tion. Some of the buildings were tall enough to penetrate a
dome
	"Where are we going?" Angie asked, her hand on his arm.
	"It's okay," he said. "Don't worry."

	"God," she said, leaning against his shoulder, looking up
at the pink neon HYPERMART sign that slashed the granite face
of the old building, "I used to dream about New York, back
on the mesa. I had a graphics program that would take me
through all the streets, into museums and things. I wanted to
come here more than anything in the world
	"Well, you made it. You're here."
	She started to sob, hugged him, her face against his bare
chest, shaking. "I'm scared. I'm so scared.
	``It'll be okay,'' he said, stroking her hair, his eyes on the
main entrance. He had no reason to believe anything would
ever be okay for either of them. She seemed to have no idea
that the words that had brought them here had come from her
mouth. But then, he thought, she hadn't spoken them
There were bag people huddled on either side of Hypermart's
entranceway, prone hummocks of rag gone the exact shade of
the sidewalk; they looked to Turner as though they were
being slowly extruded from the dark concrete, to become
mobile extensions of the city. "lammer's," the voice said,
muffled by his chest, and he felt a cold revulsion, "a club.
Find Danbala's horse." And then she was crying again He
took her hand and walked past the sleeping transients, in
under the tarnished gilt scroliwork and through the glass
doors. He saw an espresso machine down an aisle of tents and
shuttered stalls, a girl with a black crest of hair swabbing a
counter. "Coffee." he said. "Food. Come on. You need to
cat."
	He smiled at the girl while Angie settled herself on a stool.
	How about cash?" he said. "You ever take cash?"
	She stared at him, shrugged. He took a twenty from Rudy's
ziploc and showed it to her. `What do you want?"
	"Coffees. Some food."
	"That all you got? Nothing smaller?"
He shook his head.
	"Sorry. Can't make the change."
	"You don't have to."
	"You crazy?"
	"No, but I want coffee
	"That's some tip, mister. I don't make that in a week."
``It's yours.''
	Anger crossed her face. "You're with those shitheads up-
stairs. Keep your money. I'm closing."
	"We aren't with anybody," he said, leaning across the
counter slightly, so that the parka fell open and she could see
the Smith & Wesson. "We're looking for a club. A place
called Jammer s.
	The girl glanced at Angie, back to Turner. "She sick?
Dusted? What is this?"
	"Here's the money," Turner said. "Give us our coffee.
You want to earn the change, tell me how to find Jammer's
place It's worth it to me. Understand?"
	She slid the worn bill out of sight and moved to the
espresso machine. "I don't think I understand anything any-
more." She rattled cups and milk-filmed glasses out of the
way. "What is it with Jammer's? You a friend of his? You
know Jackie?"
	"Sure," Turner said.
	"She came by early this morning with this little wilson
from the `burbs. I guess they went up there .
"Where?"
	"Jammer's. Then the weirdness started."
"Yeah?"
	"All these creeps from Barrytown, greaseballs and white-
shoes, walking in like they owned the place. And now they
damn well do, the top two floors. Started buying people out
of their stalls. A lot of people on the lower floors just packed
and left. Too weird. . .
	"How many came?"
	Steam roared out of the machine. "Maybe a hundred. I
been scared shit all day, but I can't reach my boss. I close up
in thirty minutes anyway. The day girl never showed, or else
she came in, caught the trouble smell, and walked . ." She
took the little steaming cup and put it in front of Angie. "You
okay, honey?"
	Angie nodded.
	"You have any idea what these people are up to?" Turner
asked.
	The girl had returned to the machine. It roared again. "I
think they're waiting for someone," she said quietly and
brought Turner an espresso. "Either for someone to try to
leave Jammer's or for someone to try to get in .
	Turner looked down at the swirls of brown foam on his
coffee. "And nobody here called the police?"
	"The police? Mister, this is Hypermart. People here don't
call the police .
	Angie's cup shattered on the marble counter.
	"Short and straight, hired man," the voice whispered.
"You know the way. Walk in."
	The countergirl's mouth was open. "Jesus," she said,
"she's gotta be dusted bad     She looked at Turner coldly.
"You give it to her?"
	"No," Turner said, "but she's sick. It'll be okay." He
drank off the black bitter coffee. It seemed to him, just for a
second, that he could feel the whole Sprawl breathing, and its
breath was old and sick and tired, all up and down the
stations from Boston to Atlanta. . .
~~JEsus,~' BOBBY SAID to Jackie, "can't you wrap it up or
something?" Jammer's burn filled the office with a smell,
like overdone pork, that turned Bobby's stomach.
	"You don't bandage a burn," she said, helping Jammer sit
down in his chair. She began to open his desk drawers, one
after another. "You got any painkillers? Derms? Anything?"
	Jammer shook his head, his long face slack and pale.
"Maybe. Behind the bar, there's a kit. . .
	"Get it!" Jackie snapped. "Go on!"
	"What are you so worried about him for." Bobby began,
hurt by her tone. "He tried to let those Gothicks in here.
	"Get the box, asshole! He just got weak for a second, is
all. He got scared. Get me that box or you'll need it yourself."
	He darted out into the club and found Beauvoir wiring pink
hotdogs of plastic explosive to a yellow plastic box like the
control unit for a kid's toy truck. The hotdogs were mashed
around the hinges of the doors and on either side of the lock.
	~What's that for?" Bobby asked, scrambling over the bar.
"Somebody might want in," Beauvoir said. "They do,
we'll open it for them."
	Bobby paused to admire the arrangement. "Why don't you
just mash it up against the glass, so it'll blow straight out?"
	"Too obvious," Beauvoir said, straightening up, the yel-
low detonator in his hands. "But I'm glad you think about
these things. If we try to blow it straight out, some of it 
blows
back in. This way is . . . neater."
	Bobby shrugged and ducked behind the bar. There were
wire racks filled with plastic sacks of krill wafers, an assort-
ment of abandoned umbrellas, an unabridged dictionary, a
woman's blue shoe, a white plastic case with a runny-looking
red cross painted on it with nail polish . . . He grabbed the
case and climbed back over the bar.
	`~Hey, Jackie     he said, putting the first-aid kit down
beside Jammer's deck.
	"Forget it." She popped the case open and rummaged
through its contents. "Jammer, there's more poppers in here
than anything else . .
	Jammer smiled wealdy.
	"Here. These'll do you." She unrolled a sheet of red
derms and began to peel them off the backing, smoothing
three across the back of the burnt hand. "What you need's a
local, though."
	"I was thinking," Jammer said, staring up at Bobby.
"Maybe now's when you can earn yourself a little running
time     
	"How's that?" Bobby asked, eyeing the deck.
"Stands to reason," Jammer said, "that whoever's got
those jerks outside, they've also got the phones tapped."
	Bobby nodded. Beauvoir had said the same thing, when
he'd run his plan down to them.
	"Well, when Beauvoir and I decided you and I might hit
the matrix for a little look-see, I actually had something else
in mind." Jammer showed Bobby his expanse of small white
teeth. "See, I'm in this because I owed Beauvoir and Lucas a
favor. But there are people who owe me favors, too, favors
that go way back. Favors I never needed to call in."
	"Jammer." Jackie said, "you gotta relax. Just sit back.
You could go into shock."
	"How's your memory, Bobby? I'm going to run a se-
quence by you. You practice it on my deck. No power, not
jacked. Okay?"
	Bobby nodded.
	"So dry-run this a couple of times. Entrance code. Let you
in the back door."
	"Whose back door?" Bobby spun the black deck around
and poised his fingers above the keyboard.
	"The Yakuza," Jammer said.
	Jackie was staring at him. "Hey, what do you"
	"Like I said. It's an old favor. But you know what they
say, the Yakuza never forget. Cuts both ways     

	A whiff of singed flesh reached Bobby and he winced.
	"How come you didn't mention this to Beauvoir?" Jackie
was folding things back into the white case.
	`Honey," Jammer said, "you'll learn. Some things you
teach yourself to remember to forget."

	"Now look," Bobby said, fixing Jackie with what he
hoped was his heaviest look, "I'm running this. So I don't
need your loas, okay, they get on my nerves .
	"She doesn't call them up," Beauvoir said, crouching by
the office door, the detonator in one hand and the South
Mrican riot gun in the other, "they just come. They want to
come, they're there. Anyway, they like you .
	Jackie settled the trodes across her forehead. "Bobby,"
she said, "you'll be fine. Don't worry, just jack." She'd
removed her headscarf. Her hair was cornrowed between neat
furrows of shiny brown skin, with antique resistors woven in
at random intervals, little cylinders of brown phenolic resin
ringed with color-coded bands of paint.
	"When you punch out past the Basketball," Jammer said
to Bobby, "you wanna dive right three clicks and go for the
floor, I mean straight down..
	"Past the what?"
	"Basketball. That's the Dallas-Fort Worth Sunbelt Co-Pros-
perity Sphere, you wanna get your ass down fast, all the way,
then you run how I told you, for about twenty clicks. It's all
used-car lots and tax accountants down there, but just stand
on that mother, okay?"
	Bobby nodded, grinning.
	"Anybody sees you going by, well, that's their lookout.
People who jack down there are used to seeing some weird
shit anyway .
	"Man," Beauvoir said to Bobby, "get it on. I gotta get
back to the door. .
	Bobby jacked.

	He followed Jammer's instructions, secretly grateful that he
could feel Jackie beside him as they plunged down into the
workaday depths of cyberspace, the glowing Basketball dwin-
dling above them. The deck was quick, superslick, and it
made him feel fast and strong. He wondered how Jammer had
come to have the Yakuza owing him a favor, one he'd never
bothered to collect, and a part of him was busily constructing
scenarios when they hit the ice.
	"Jesus ..." And Jackie was gone. Something had come
down between them, something he felt as cold and silence
and a shutting off of breath. "But there wasn't anything
there, Goddamn it!" He was frozen, somehow, locked steady
He could still see the matrix, but he couldn't feel his hands.
	"Why the hell anybody plug the likes of you into a deck
like that? Thing ought to be in a museum, you ought to be in
grade school."
	"Jackie!" The cry was reflex.
	"Man," said the voice, "I dunno. It's been a long few
days I haven't slept, but you sure don't look like what I was
set to catch when you came out of there . . . How old are
you?"
	"Fuck off!" Bobby said. It was all he could think of to
say.
	The voice began to laugh. "Ramirez would split his sides
at this, you know? He had him a fine sense of the ridiculous.
That's one of the things I miss .
	"Who's Ramirez?"
	"My partner. Ex. Dead. Very. I was thinking maybe you
could tell me how he got that way."
	"Never heard of him," Bobby said. "Where's Jackie?"
	"Sittin' cold-cocked in cyberspace while you answer my
questions, wilson. What's your name?"
	"B Count Zero."
	"Sure. Your name!"
	"Bobby, Bobby Newmark .
	Silence. Then: "Well. Hey. Does make a litle sense, then.
That was your mother's place I watched those Maas spooks
use the rocket on, wasn't it? But I guess you weren't there, or
you wouldn't be here Hold on a sec
	A square of cyberspace directly in front of him flipped
sickeningly and he found himself in a pale blue graphic that
seemed to represent a very spacious apartment, low shapes of
furniture sketched in hair-fine lines of blue neon. A woman
stood in front of him, a sort of glowing cartoon squiggle of a
woman, the face a brown smudge. "I'm Slide," the figure
said, hands on its hips, "Jaylene. You don't fuck with me.
Nobody in L.A."she gestured, a window suddenly snap-
ping into existence behind her"fucks with me. You got
that?"

	"Right," Bobby said. "What is this? I mean, if you could
sort of explain.." He still couldn't move The "window"
showed a blue-gray video view of palm trees and old buildings.
	"How do you mean?"
	"This sort of drawing. And you. And that old picture. .
	"Hey, man, I paid a designer an arm and a leg to punch
this up for me. This is my space, my construct. This is L.A.,
boy. People here don't do anything without jacking. This is
where I entertain!
	"Oh," Bobby said, still baffled.
	"Your turn. Who's back there, in that sleaze-ass dancehall?"
	"Jammer's? Me, Jackie, Beauvoir, Jammer."
	"And where were you headed when I grabbed you?"
	Bobby hesitated. "The Yakuza. Jammer has a code
	"What for?" The figure moved forward, an animated sen-
suous brush-sketch.
"Help."
	"Shit You're probably telling the truth . .
	"I am, I am, swear to God.
	"Well, you ain't what I need, Bobby Zero. I been out
cruising cyberspace, all up and down, trying to find out who
killed my man. I thought it was Maas, because we were
taking one of theirs for Hosaka, so I hunted up a spook team
of theirs. First thing I saw was what they did to your mom-
ma's condo. Then I saw three of them drop in on a man they
call the Finn, but those three never came back out . .
	"Finn killed `em," Bobby said. "I saw `em. Dead."
	"You did? Well, then, could be we do have things to talk
about. After that, I watched the other three use that same
launcher on a pimpmobile . .
	"That was Lucas," he said.
	"But no sooner had they done it than a copter overfiew
em and fried all three with a laser. You know anything about
that?"
"No."
	"You think you can tell me your story. Bobby Zero? Make
it quick!"
	"I was gonna do this run, see? And I'd got this icebreaker
off Two-a-Day, from up the Projects, and I . .

	When he finished, she was silent. The slinky cartoon figure
stood by the window, as though she were studying the televi-
sion trees.
	"I got an idea," he ventured. "Maybe you can help
us
	`No," she said.
	"But maybe it'll help you find out what you want . .
	"No. I just want to kill the motheifucker who killed
Ramirez."
	"But we're trapped in there, they're gonna kill us. It's
Mans, the people you were following around in the matrix!
They hired a bunch of Kasuals and Gothicks
	"That's not Maas," she said "That's a bunch of Euros
over on Park Avenue. Ice on `em a mile deep."
	Bobby took that in "They the ones in the copter, the ones
killed the other Maas guys?"
	"No. I couldn't get a fix on that copter, and they flew
south. Lost `em. I have a hunch, though. . . Anyway, I'm
sending you back. You want to try that Yak code, go ahead."
	"But, lady, we need help .
	"No percentage in help, Bobby Zero," she said, and then
he was sitting in front of Jammer's deck, the muscles in his
neck and back aching. It took him a while before he could get
his eyes to focus, so it was nearly a minute before he saw that
there were strangers in the room.
	The man was tall, maybe taller than Lucas, but rangier,
narrower at the hips. He wore a kind of baggy combat jacket
that hung around him in folds, with giant pockets, and his
chest was bare except for a horizontal black strap. His eyes
looked bruised and feverish, and he held the biggest handgun
Bobby had ever seen, a kind of distended revolver with some
weird fixture molded under the barrel, a thing like a cobra's
head. Beside him, swaying, stood a girl who might have been
Bobby's age, with the same bruised eyesthough hers were
darkand lank brown hair that needed to be washed. She
wore a black sweatshirt, several sizes too large, and jeans.
The man reached out with his left hand and steadied her.
	Bobby stared, then gaped as the memory hit him
	Girlvoice, brownhair, darkeyes, the ice eating into him,
his teeth burring, her voice, the big thing leaning in .
	"Viv Ia Vy4~," Jackie said, beside him, rapt, her hand
gripping his shoulder hard, "the Virgin of Miracles. She's
come, Bobby. Danbala has sent her!"
	"You were under a while, kid," the tall man said to
Bobby. "What happened?"

	Bobby blinked, glanced frantically around, found Jammer's
eyes, glazed with drugs and pain.
	"Tell him," Jammer said.
	"I couldn't get to the Yak. Somebody grabbed me, I don't
know how.
	"Who?" The tall man had his arm around the girl now.
	"She said her name was Slide From Los Angeles."
	"Jaylene," the man said
	The phone on Jammer's desk began to chime.
	"Answer it," the man said.
	Bobby turned as Jackie reached over and tapped the call-
bar below the square screen. The screen lit, flickered, and
showed them a man's face, broad and very pale, the eyes
hooded and sleepy-looking. His hair was bleached nearly
white, and brushed straight back. He had the meanest mouth
Bobby had ever seen
	"Turner." the man said, "we'd better talk now.~ You
haven't got a lot of time left. I think you should get those
people out of the room, for starts .


THE KNOTTED LINE stretched on and on. At times they came to
angles, forks of the tunnel. Here the line would be wrapped
around a strut or secured with a fat transparent gob of epoxy.
The air was as stale, but colder. When they stopped to rest in
a cylindrical chamber, where the shaft widened before a triple
branching, Marly asked Jones for the flat little work light he
wore across his forehead on a gray elastic strap. Holding it in
one of the red suit's gauntlets, she played it over the cham-
ber's wail. The surface was etched with patterns, microscopi-
cally fine lines
	"Put your helmet on," Jones advised, "you've got a better
light than mine .
	Marly shuddered. "No." She passed him the light. "Can
you help me out of this, please?" She tapped a gauntlet
against the suit's hard chest. The mirror-domed helmet was
fastened to the suit's waist with a chrome snap-hook.
	"You'd best keep it," Jones said. "It's the only one in the
Place. I've got one, where I sleep, but no air for it. Wig's
bottles won't fit my transpirator, and his suit's all holes .
He shrugged.
	"No, please," she said, struggling with the catch at the
suit's waist, where she'd seen Rez twist something. "I can't
stand it . .
	Jones pulled himself half over the line and did something
she oouldn't see. There was a click. "Stretch your arms, over
your head," he said. It was awkward, but finally she floated
free, still in the black jeans and white silk blouse she'd worn
to that final encounter with Alain. Jones fastened the empty
red suit to the line with another of the snap-rings mounted
around its waist, and then undid her bulging purse. "You
want this? To take with you, I mean? We could leave it here,
get it on our way back."
	"No,'~ she said, "I'll take it. Give it to me." She hooked
an elbow around the line and fumbled the purse open. Her
jacket came out, but so did one of her boots. She managed to
get the boot back into the purse, then twisted herself into the
jacket
	"That's a nice piece of hide," Jones said.
	"Please," she said, "let's hurry . .
	"Not far now." he sald, his work light swinging to show
her where the line vanished through one of three openings
arranged in an equilateral triangle.

	"End of the line," he said. "Literal, that is." He tapped
the chromed eyebolt where the line was tied in a sailor's knot.
His voice caught and echoed, somewhere ahead of them, until
she imagined she heard other voices whispering behind the
round of echo. "We'll want a bit of light for this," he said,
kicking himself across the shaft and catching a gray metal
coffin thing that protruded there. He opened it. She watched
his hands move in the bright circle of the work light; his
fingers were thin and delicate, but the nails were small and
blunt, outlined with black, impacted grime. The letters "CJ"
were tattooed in crude blue across the back of his right hand.
The sort of tattoo one did oneself, in jail. . . . Now he'd
fished out a length of heavy, insulated wire. He squinted into
the box, then wedged the wire behind a copper D-connector.
	The dark ahead vanished in a white flood of light.
	"Got more power than we need, really," he said, with
something akin to a homeowner's pride. "The solar banks are
all still workin', and they were meant to power the main-
frames . . . Come on, then, lady, we'll meet the artist you
come so far to see      He kicked off and out, gliding
smoothly through the opening, like a swimmer, into the light.
Into the thousand drifting things. She saw that the red plastic
soles of his frayed shoes had been patched with smears of
white silicon caulking.
And then she'd followed, forgetting her fears, forgetting
the nausea and constant vertigo, and she was there. And she
understood.
"My God," she said.
"Not likely," Jones called. "Maybe old Wig's, though.
Too bad it's not doing it now, though That's even more of a
		sight."
Something slid past, ten centimeters from her face. An
ornate silver spoon, sawn precisely in half, from end to end.

	She had no idea how long she'd been there, when the
screen lit and began to flicker. Hours, minutes . . She'd
already learned to negotiate the chamber, after a fashion,
kicking off like Jones from the dome's concavity. Like Jones.
she caught herself on the thing's folded, jointed arms, pivoted
and clung there, watching the swirl of debris. There were
dozens of the arms, manipulators, tipped with pliers, 
hexdrivers,knives, a subminiature circular saw, a dentist's drill
They bristled from the alloy thorax of what must once have
been a construction remote, the sort of unmanned, semiauton-
omous device she knew from childhood videos of the high
frontier. But this one was welded into the apex of the dome,
its sides fused with the fabric of the Place, and hundreds of
cables and optic lines snaked across the geodesics to enter it.
Two of the arms, tipped with delicate force-feedback devices,
were extended; the soft pads cradled an unfinished box.
  Eyes wide, Marly watched the uncounted things swing
past.
  A yellowing kid glove, the faceted crystal stopper from
some vial of vanished perfume, an armless doll with a face of
French porcelain, a fat, gold-fitted black fountain pen, rec-
tangular segments of perf board, the crumpled red and green
snake of a silk cravat . . . Endless, the slow swarm, the
spinning things .
 Jones tumbled up through the silent storm, laughing, grab-
bing an arm tipped with a glue gun. "Always makes me want
to laugh, to see it. But the boxes always make me sad .
 "Yes," she said, "they make me sad, too. But there are
sadnesses and sadnesses .
 "Quite right." He grinned. "No way to make it go, though.
Guess the spirit has to move it, or anyway that's how old Wig
has it. He used to come out here a lot I think the voices are
stronger for him here. But lately they've been talking to him
wherever, it seems like . .
 She looked at him through the thicket of manipulators. He
was very dirty, very young, with his wide blue eyes under a
tangle of brown curls. He wore a stained gray zipsuit, its
collar shiny with grime. "You must be mad," she said with
something like admiration in her voice, "you must be totally
mad, to stay here . .
He laughed. "Wigan's madder than a sack of bugs. Not
me.
	She smiled. "No, you're crazy I'm crazy, too
	"Hello then," he said, looking past her. "What's this?
One of Wig's sermons, looks like, and no way we can shut it
off without me cutting the power . .
	She turned her head and saw diagonals of color strobe
across the rectangular face of a large screen glued crookedly
to the curve of the dome The screen was occluded, for a
second, by the passage of a dressmaker's dummy, and then
the face of Josef Virek filled it, his soft blue eyes glittering
behind round lenses.
"Hello, Marly," he said. "I can't see you, but I'm sure I
know where you are
	"That's one of Wig's sermon screens," Jones said, rub-
bing his face. "Put `em up all over the Place, `cause he
figured one day he'd have people up here to preach to. This
geezer's linked in through Wig's communication gear, I guess.
Who is he?"
	"Virek," she said.
	"Thought he was older. .
	"It's a generated image," she said. "Ray tracing, texture
mapping     She stared as the face smiled out at her from
the curve of the dome, beyond the slow-motion hurricane of
lost things, minor artifacts of countless lives, tools and toys
and gilded buttons.
	"I want you to know," the image said, "that you have
fulfilled your contract. My psychoprofile of Marly Krushkhova
predicted your response to my gestalt. Broader profiles indi-
cated that your presence in Paris would force Maas to play
their hand. Soon, Marly, I will know exactly what it is that
you have found. For four years I've known something that
Maas didn't know. I've known that Mitchell, the man Mans
and the world regards as the inventor of the new biochip
processes, was being fed the concepts that resulted in his
breakthroughs. I added you to an intricate array of factors,
Marly, and things came to a most satisfying head. Mans,
without understanding what they were doing, surrendered the
location of the conceptual source. And you have reached it.
Paco will be arriving shortly . .
	"You said you wouldn't follow," she said. "I knew you
lied..."
	"And now, Marly, at last I think I shall be free. Free of the
four hundred kilograms of rioting cells they wall away behind
surgical steel in a Stockholm industrial park. Free, eventu-
ally, to inhabit any number of real bodies, Marly Forever."
	"Shit," Jones said, "this one's as bad as Wig. What's he
think he's talking about?"
"About his jump," she said, remembering her talk with
Andrea, the smell of cooking prawns in the cramped little
kitchen. "The next stage of his evolution
"You understand it?"
"No," she said, "but I know that it will be bad, very bad
	.." She shook her head.
	`Convince the inhabitants of the cores to admit Paco and
his crew, Marly," Virek said. "I purchased the cores an hour
before you departed Orly, from a contractor in Pakistan. A
bargain, Marly, a great bargain. Paco will oversee my inter-
ests, as usual."
	And then the screen was dark.
	"Here now," Jones said, pivoting around a folded manip-
ulator and taking her hand, "what's so bad about all that? He
owns it now, and he said you'd done your bit . . . I don't
know what old Wig's good for, except to listen to the voices,
but he's not long for this side anyway Me, I'm as easy for
Outasnot. .
	"You don't understand," she said. "You can't He's found
his way to something, something he's sought for years. But
nothing he wants can be good. For anyone      ye seen
him, I've felt it . .
	And then the steel arm she held vibrated and began to
move, the whole turret rotating with a muted hum of servos

TURNER STARED AT Conroy's face on the screen of the office
phone. "Go on," he said to Angie. "You go with her " The
tall black girl with the resistors woven into her hair stepped
forward and gently put her arm around Mitchell's daughter,
crooning something in that same click-infested creole. The
kid in the T-shirt was still gaping at her, his jaw slack.
"Come on, Bobby," the black girl said. Turner glanced
across the desk at the man with the wounded hand, who wore
a wrinkled white evening jacket and a bob tie with thongs of
braided black leather. Jammer, Turner decided, the club owner.
Jammer cradled his hand in his lap, on a blue-striped towel
from the bar He had a long face, the kind of beard that
needed constant shaving, and the hard, narrow eyes of a stone
professional. As their eyes met, Turner realized that the man
sat well out of the line of the phone's camera, his swivel chair
pushed back into a corner.
	The kid in the T-shirt, Bobby, shuffled out behind Angie
and the black girl. his mouth still open.
	"You could've saved us both a lot of hassle, Turner,"
Conroy said. "You could've called me. You could've called
your agent in Geneva"
	"How about Hosaka," Turner said, "could I have called
them?"
	Conroy shook his head, slowly.
	"Who are you working for, Conroy? You went double on
this one, didn't you?"
	"But not on you, Turner. If it had gone down the way I
planned it, you'd have been in Bogota, with Mitchell The
railgun couldn't fire until the jet was out, and if we cut it
right, Hosaka would have figured Mans took the whole sector
out to stop Mitchell But Mitchell didn't make it, did he,
Turner?"
	"He never planned to," Turner said
	Conroy nodded. "Yeah. And the security on the mesa
picked up the girl, going out. That's her, isn't it, Mitchell's
daughter.
	Turner was silent.
	"Sure," Conroy said, "figures .
	"I killed Lynch," Turner said, to steer the subject away
from Angie. "But just before the hammer came down, Webber
told me she was working for you .
	"They both were," Conroy said, ~`but neither one knew
about the other." He shrugged.
"What for?"
	Conroy smiled. "Because you'd have missed `em if they
weren't there, wouldn't you? Because you know my style,
and if I hadn't been flying all my usual colors, you'd have
started to wonder. And I knew you'd never sell out. Mr
Instant Loyalty, right? Mr. Bushido. You were bankable,
Turner. Hosaka knew that. That's why they insisted I bring
youin. .
	"You haven't answered my first question, Conroy. Who
did you go double for?"
	"A man named Virek," Conroy said. "The moneyman
That's right, same one. He'd been trying to buy Mitchell for
years. For that matter, he'd been trying to buy Maas No go.
They re getting so rich, he couldn't touch them. There was a
standing offer for Mitchell making the rounds. A blind offer.
When Hosaka heard from Mitchell and called me in, I de-
cided to check that offer out. Just out of curiosity. But before
I could, Virek's team was on me. It wasn't a hard deal to cut,
Turner, believe me."
	"I believe you."
	"But Mitchell fucked us all over, didn't he, Turner? Good
and solid."
	"So they killed him."
	"He killed himself," Conroy said, "according to Virek's
moles on the mesa. As soon as he saw the kid off in that
ultralight. Cut his throat with a scalpel."
	"Lot of dead people around, Conroy," Turner said
"Oakey's dead, and the Jap who was flying that copter for
you."
	"Figured that when they didn't come back," Conroy
shrugged.
	"They were trying to kill us," Turner said.
	"No, man, they just wanted to talk . . . Anyway, we
didn't know about the girl then We just knew you were gone
and that the damn jet hadn't made it to the strip in Bogoti
We didn't start thinking about the girl until we took a look at
your brother's farm and found the jet. Your brother wouldn't
tell Oakey anything Pissed off `cause Oakey burned his
dogs. Qakey said is looked like a woman had been living
there, too, but she didn't turn up . .
	"What about Rudy?"
	Conroy's face was a perfect blank. Then he said, "Qakey
got what he needed off the monitors. Then we knew about the
girl."
	Turner's back was aching. The holster strap was cutting
into his chest. I don't feel anything, he thought, I don't feel
anything at all
	"I've got a question for you, Turner. I've got a couple.
But the main one is, what the flick are you doing in there?"
	"Heard it was a hot club, Conroy."
	"Yeah. Real exclusive. So exclusive, you had to break up
two of my doormen to get in. They knew you were coming,
Turner, the spades and that punk. Why else would they let
you in?"
	"You'll have to work that one out, Connie. You seem to
have a lot of access, these days
	Conroy leaned closer to his phone's camera. "You bet
your ass Virek's had people all over the Sprawl for months,
feeling out a rumor, cowboy gossip that there was an experi-
mental biosoft floating around. Finally his people focused on
the Finn, but another team, a Maas team, turned up, obvi-
ously after the same thing. So Virek's team just kicked back
and watched the Maas boys, and the Maas boys started
blowing people away. So Virek's team picked up on the
spades and little Bobby and the whole thing. They laid it all
out for me when I told `em I figured you'd headed this way
from Rudy's. When I saw where they were headed, I hired
some muscle to ice `em in there, until I could get somebody I
could trust to go in after them . .
	"Those dusters out there?" Turner smiled. "You just
dropped the ball, Connie. You can't go anywhere for profes-
sional help, can you? Somebody's twigged that you doubled,
and a lot of pros died, out there. So you're hiring shitheads
with funny haircuts. The pros have all heard you've got
Hosaka after your ass, haven't they, Connie? And they all
know what you did." Turner was grinning now; out of the
corner of his eye, he saw that the man in the dinner jacket
was smiling, too, a thin smile with lots of neat small teeth,
like white grains of corn
	"It's that bitch Slide," Conroy said. "I could've taken her
out on the rig . . . She punched her way in somewhere and
started asking questions. I don't even think she's really on to
it, yet, but she's been making sounds in certain circles
Anyway, yeah, you got the picture. But it doesn't help your
ass any, not now. Virek wants the girl. He's pulled his people
off the other thing and now I'm running things for him.
Money, Turner, money like a zaibatsu'.
	Turner stared at the face, remembering Conroy in the bar
of a jungle hotel. Remembering him later, in Los Angeles,
making his pass, explaining the covert economics of corpo-
rate defection     Hi, Connie," Turner said, "I know you,
don't I?"
	Conroy smiled. "Sure, baby."
	"And I know the offer. Already. You want the girl
	"That's right."
	"And the split, Connie. You know I only work fifty-fifty,
right?"
	"Hey," Conroy said, "this is the big one I wouldn't have
it any other way."
	Turner stared at the man's image.
	"Well," Conroy said, still smiling, "what do you say?"
	And Jammer reached out and pulled the phone's line from
the wall plug. "Timing," he said. "Timing's always impor-
tant." He let the plug drop. "If you'd told him, he'd have
ni.ved right away. This way buys us time. He'll try to get
back, try to figure what happened."
	"How do you know what I was going to say?"
	"Because I seen people. I seen a lot of them, too fucking
many. Particularly I seen a lot like you. You got it written
across your face, mister, and you were gonna tell him he
could eat shit and die " Jammer hunched his way up in the
office chair, grimacing as his hand moved inside the bar
towel. "Who's this Slide he was talking about? A jockey?"

	 "Jaylene Slide. Los Angeles. Top gun."
	 "She was the one hijacked Bobby," jammer said. "So
	she's damn close to your pal on the phone 

	 "She probably doesn't know it, though."
	 "Let's see what we can do about that. Get the boy back in
here."



	"I'D BElTER FiND old Wig," he said
	She was watching the manipulators: hypnotized by the way
they moved; as they picked through the swirl of things, they
also caused it, grasping and rejecting, the rejected objects
whirling away, striking others, drifting into new alignments.
The process stined them gently, slowly, perpetually.
	"I'd better," he said.
	"What?"
	"Go find Wig. He might get up to something, if your
bossman's people turn up. Don't want him to hurt himself,
	y'know." He looked sheepish, vaguely embarrassed.
	"Fine," she said. "I'm fine, I'll watch " She remembered
the Wig's mad eyes. the craziness she'd felt roll off him in
waves; she remembered the ugly cunning she'd sensed in his
voice, over the Sweet Jane's radio. Why would Jones show
this kind of concern? But then she thought about what it
would be like, living in the Place, the dead cores of Tessier-
Ashpool. Anything human, anything alive, might come to
seem quite precious, here "You're right," she said "Go
and find him."
	The boy smiled nervously and kicked off, tumbling for the
opening where the line was anchored. "I'll come back for
	you," he said. "Remember where we left your suit . .
	The turret swung back and forth, humming, the manip-
ulators darting, finishing the new poem.
* * *
	She was never certain, afterward, that the voices were real,
but eventually she came to feel that they had been a part of
one of those situations in which real becomes merely another
concept.
	She'd taken off her jacket, because the air in the dome
seemed to have grown warmer, as though the ceaseless move-
ment of the arms generated heat. She'd anchored the jacket
and her purse on a strut beside the sermon screen. The box
was nearly finished now, she thought, although it moved so
quickly, in the padded claws, that it was difficult to see
Abruptly, it floated free, tumbling end over end, and she
sprang for it instinctively, caught it, and went tumbling past
the flashing arms, her treasure in her arms. Unable to slow
herself, she struck the far side of the dome, bruising her
shoulder and tearing her blouse. Drifting, stunned, she cra-
dIed the box. staring through the rectangle of glass at an
arrangement of brown old maps and tarnished mirror. The
seas of the cartographers had been cut away, exposing the
flaking mirrors, landmasses afloat on dirty silver . . . She
looked up in time to see a glittering arm snag the floating
sleeve of her Brussels jacket. Her purse, half a meter behind
it and tumbling gracefully, went next, hooked by a manipula-
tor tipped with an optic sensor and a simple claw.
	She watched as her things were drawn into the ceaseless
dance of the arms. Minutes later, the jacket came whirling out
again. Neat squares and rectangles seemed to have been cut
away, and she found herself laughing. She released the box
she held. "Go ahead," she said. "I am honored." The arms
whirled and flashed, and she heard the whine of a tiny saw.
	I am honored I am honored I am honoredEcho of her
voice in the dome setting up a shifting forest of smaller,
partial sounds, and behind them, very faint. . . Voices
	"You're here, aren't you?" she called, adding to the ring
of sound, ripples and reflections of her fragmented voice.
	Yes, I am here.
	"Wigan would say you've always been here, wouldn't
he?"
	Yes, but it isn't true. I came to be, here. Once I was not.
Once, for a brilliant time, time without duration, I was every-
where as well . . . But the bright time broke. The mirror was
flawed. Now I am only one. . . But I have my song, and you
have heard it. I sing with these things that float around me,
fragments of the family that funded my birth. There are
others, but they will not speak to me. Vain, the scattered
fragments of myself, like children Like men. They send me
new things, but I prefer the old things. Perhaps I do their
bidding. They plot with men, my other selves, and men
imagine they are gods
	"You are the thing that Virek seeks, aren't you?"
	No. He imagines that he can translate himself, code his
personality into my fabric. He yearns to be what I once was.
What he might become most resembles the least of my broken
selves
	"Are youare you sad?"
	No.
	"But youryour songs are sad."
	My songs are of time and distance. The sadness is in
you. Watch my arms. There is only the dance. These things
you treasure are shells.
	"II knew that. Once."
	But now the sounds were sounds only, no forest of voices
behind them to speak as one voice, and she watched the
perfect globes of her tears spin out to join forgotten human
memories in the dome of the boxmaker.

	"I understand," she said, sometime later, knowing that she
spoke now for the comfort of hearing her own voice. She
spoke quietly, unwilling to wake that bounce and ripple of
sound. "You are someone else's collage. Your maker is the
true artist. Was it the mad daughter? It doesn't matter. Some-
one brought the machine here, welded it to the dome, and
wired it to the traces of memory. And spilled, somehow, all
the worn sad evidence of a family's humanity, and left it all
to be stirred, to be sorted by a poet. To be sealed away in
boxes. I know of no more extraordinary work than this. No
more complex gesture      A silver-fitted tortoise comb
with broken teeth drifted past. She caught it like a fish and
dragged the teeth through her hair.
	Across the dome, the screen lit, pulsed, and filled with Paco's
face. "The old man refuses to admit us, Marly," the Spaniard
said. "The other, the vagabond, has hidden him. Seijor is most
anxious that we enter the cores and secure his property. If you
can't convince Ludgate and the other to open their lock, we will
be forced to open it ourselves, depressurizing the entire struc-
hire." He glanced away from the camera, as though consulting
an instrument or a member of his crew. "You have one hour."

Bonny FOLLOWED JACKIE and the brown-haired girl out of the
office. It felt like he'd been in Jammer's for a month and he'd
never get the taste of the place out of his mouth. The stupid
little recessed spots staring down from the black ceiling, the
fat ultrasuede seats, the round black tables, the carved wooden
screens . . Beauvoir was sitting on the bar with the detona-
tor beside him and the South African gun across his gray
sharkskin lap.
	"How come you let `em in?" Bobby asked when Jackie
had led the girl to a table.
	"Jackie." Beauvoir said, "she tranced while you were
iced. Legba. Told us the Virgin was on her way up with this
guy."
	"Who is he?"
	Beauvoir shrugged. "A merc, he looks like. Soldier for the
zaibatsus. Jumped-up street samurai. What happened to you
when you were iced?"
	He told him about Jaylene Slide.
	"L.A ," Beauvoir said. "She'll drill through diamond to
get the man who fried her daddy, but a brother needs help,
forget it."
	"I'm not a brother."
	"I think you got something there."
	"So I don't get to try to get to the Yakuza?"
	"What's Jammer say?"
	"Dick He's in there now, watchin' your merc take a
call."
	"A call? Who?"
	"Some white guy with a bleach job. Mean-looking."
Beauvoir looked at Bobby, looked at the door, looked
back. "Legba says sit tight and watch. This is getting random
enough already, the Sons of the Neon Chrysanthemum aside."
	"Beauvoir," Bobby said, keeping his voice down, "that
girl, she's the one, the one in the matrix, when I tried to run
that"
	He nodded, his plastic frames sliding down his nose. "The
Virgin."
	"But what's happening? I mean"
	"Bobby, my advice to you is just take it like it comes.
She's one thing to me, maybe something different to Jackie.
To you, she's just a scared kid. Go easy. Don't upset her.
She's a long way from home, and we're still a long way from
getting out of here"
	"Okay     Bobby looked at ifie floor. "I'm sorry about
Lucas, man. He washe was a dude."
	"Go talk to Jackie and the girl." Beauvoir said "I'm
watching the door."
"Okay."
	He crossed the nightclub carpet to where Jackie sat with the
girl. She didn't look like much, and there was only a small
part of him that said she was the one. She didn't look up, and
he could see that she'd been crying.
	"I got grabbed," he said to Jackie "You were flat gone."
	"So were you," the dancer said. "Then Legba came to
me..."
	"Newmark," the man called Turner said, from the door to
Jammer's office, "we want to talk to you."
	"Gotta go," he said, wishing the girl would look up, see
the big dude asking for him. "They want me."
	Jackie squeezed his wrist.

	"Forget the Yakuza," Jammer said. "This is more compli-
cated. You're going into the L.A grid and locking into a top
jock's desk. When Slide grabbed you, she didn't know my
desk sussed her number."
	"She said your deck oughta be in a museum."
	"Shit she knows," Jammer said "I know where she lives,
don't I?" He took a hit from his inhaler and put it back on the
deck. "Your problem is, she's written you off. She doesn't
wanna hear from you. You gotta get into her and tell her what
she wants to know."
	"What's that?"
	`That it was a man named Conroy got her boyfriend
offed," the tall man said, sprawled back in one of Jammer's
office chairs with the huge pistol on his lap. "Conroy Tell
her it was Conroy. Conroy hired those bighairs outside~"
	"I'd rather try the Yak," Bobby said.
	"No," Jammer said, "this Slide, she'll be on his ass first.
The Yak'll measure my favor, check the whole thing out first.
Besides, I thought you were all hot to learn deck."
	"I'll go with him," Jackie said, from the door.

	They jacked.
	She died almost immediately, in the first eight seconds.
	He felt it, rode it out to the edge and almost knew it for
what it was. He was screaming, spinning, sucked up through
the glacial white funnel that had been waiting for them
	The scale of the thing was impossible, too vast, as though
the kind of cybernetic megastructure that represented the
whole of a multinational had brought its entire weight to bear
on Bobby Newmark and a dancer called Jackie. Impossible.
	But somewhere, on the fringe of consciousness, Just as he
lost it, there was something . . . Something plucking at his
sleeve
	He lay on his face on something rough. Opened his eyes. A
walk made of round stones, wet with rain. He scrambled up,
reeling, and saw the hazy panorama of a strange city, with the
sea beyond it. Spires there, a sort of church, mad ribs and
spirals of dressed stone . . He turned and saw a huge lizard
slithering down an incline, toward him, its jaws wide. He
blinked. The lizard's teeth were green-stained ceramic, a slow
drool of water lapping over its blue mosaic china lip. The
thing was a fountain, its flanks plastered with thousands of
fragments of shattered china. He spun around, crazy with the
nearness of her death. Ice, ice, and a part of him knew then
exactly how close he'd really come, in his mother's living
room.
	There were weird curving benches, covered with the same
giddy patchwork of broken china, and trees, grass . A
park.
	"Extraordinary." someone said. A man, rising from his
seat on one of the serpentine benches. He had a neat brush of
gray hair, a tanned face, and round, rimless glasses that
magnified his blue eyes. "You came straight through, didn't
you?"
	"What is this? Where am I?"
	"Giiell Park. after a fashion. Barcelona, if you like
	"You killed Jackie."
	The man frowned. "I see. I think I see Still, you shouldn't
be here. An accident."
"Accident? You killed Jackie!"
	"My systems are overextended today," the man said, his
hands in the pockets of a loose tan overcoat. "This is really
quite extraordinary .
	"You can't do that shit," Bobby said, his vision swim-
ming in tears. "You can't. You can't kill somebody who was
just there .
	"Just where?" The man took off his glasses and began to
polish them with a spotless white l~andkerchief he took from
the pocket of his coat.
	"Just alive," Bobby said, taking a.step forward
The man put his glasses back on. "This has never hap-
pened before."
	"You can't." Closer now.
	"This is becoming tedious, Paco!"
"Seiior."
	Bobby turned at the sound of the child's voice and saw a
little boy in a strange stiff suit, with black leather boots 
that
fastened with buttons.
	"Remove him."
	"Sefior," the boy said, and bowed stiffly, taking a tiny
blue Browning automatic from his dark suit coat. Bobby
looked into the dark eyes beneath the glossy forelock and saw
a look no child had ever worn. The boy extended the gun,
aiming it at Bobby.
	"Who are you?" Bobby ignored the gun, but didn't try to
get any closer to the man in the overcoat.
	The man peered at him. "Virek. Josef Virek. Most people,
I gather, are familiar with my face."
	"Are you on People of Importance or something?"
The man blinked, frowning. "I don't know what you're
talking about. Paco, what is this person doing here?"
	"An accidental spillover," the child said, his voice light
and beautiful. "We've engaged the bulk of our system via
New York, in an attempt to prevent Angela Mitchell's es-
cape. This one tried to enter the matrix, along with another
operator, and encountered our system. We're still attempting
to determine how he breached our defenses. You are in no
danger." The muzzle of the little Browning was absolutely
steady.
	And then the sensation of something plucking at his sleeve.
Not his sleeve, exactly, but part of his mind, something
	"Sefior," the child said, "we are experiencing anomalous
phenomena in the matrix, possibly as a result of our own
current overextension. We strongly suggest that you allow us
to sever your links with the construct until we are able to
determine the nature of the anomaly."
	The sensation was stronger now. A scratching, at the back
of his mind .
	"What?" Virek said. "And return to the tanks? It hardly
seems to warrant that
	"There is the possibility of real danger," the boy said, and
now there was an edge in his voice. He moved the barrel of
the Browning slightly. "You," he said to Bobby, "lie down
upon the cobbles and spread your arms and legs
	But Bobby was looking past him, to a bed of flowers,
watching as they withered and died, the grass going gray and
powdery as he watched, the air above the bed writhing and
twisting. The sense of the thing scratching in his head was
stronger still, more urgent.
Virek had turned to stare at the dying flowers. "What is

	Bobby closed his eyes and thought of Jackie. There was a
sound, and he knew that he was making it. He reached down
into himself, the sound still coming. and touched Jammer's
deck. Come! he screamed, inside himself, neither knowing
nor caring what it was that he addressed Come now! He felt
something give, a barrier of some kind, and the scratching
sensation was gone.
	When he opened his eyes, there was something in the bed
of dead flowers. He blinked. It seemed to be a cross of plain,
white-painted wood; someone had fitted the sleeves of an
ancient naval tunic over the horizontal arms, a kind of mold-
spotted tailcoat with heavy, fringed epaulets of tarnished gold
braid, rusting buttons, more braid at the cuffs . . A rusted
cutlass was propped, hilt up, against the white upright, and
beside it was a bottle half filled with clear fluid.
	The child spun, the little pistol blurring . . . And crum-
pled, folded into himself like a deflating balloon, a balloon
sucked away into nothing at all, the Browning clattering to
the stone path like a forgotten toy.
	"My name," a voice said, and Bobby wanted to scream
when he realized that it came from his own mouth, "is
Samedi, and you have slain my cousin's horse
	And Virek was running, the big coat flapping out behind
him, down the curving path with its serpentine benches, and
Bobby saw that another of the white crosses waited there, just
where the path curved to vanish. Then Virek must have seen
it, too; he screamed, and Baron Samedi. Lord of Graveyards,
the ba whose kingdom was death, leaned in across Barcelona
like a cold dark rain.

"What the hell do you want? Who are you?" The voice
was familiar, a woman's. Not Jacki~'s
	"Bobby," he said, waves of darkness pulsing through him.
"Bobby . .
	"How did you get here?"
	"Jammer. He knew. His deck pegged you when you iced
me before. He'd just seen something, something huge
He couldn't remember.." Turner sent me. Conroy. He said
tell you Conroy did it. You want Conroy      Hearing his
own voice as though it were someone else's. He'd been
somewhere, and returned, and now he was here, in Jaylene
Slide's skeletal neon sketch. On the way back, he'd seen the
big thing, the thing that had sucked them up, start to alter 
and shift, gargantuan blocks of its rotating, merging, taking on
new alignments, the entire outline changing
 `Conroy," she said. The sexy scrawl leaned by the video
window, something in its line expressing a kind of exhaus-
tion, even boredom. "I thought so." The video image whited
out, formed again as a shot of some ancient stone building.
Park Avenue. He's up there with all those Euros, clicking
away at some new scam." She sighed. "Thinks he's safe,
see? Wiped Ramirez like a fly, lied to my face, flew off to
New York and his new job, and now he thinks he's safe
   The figure moved, and the image changed again. Now
the face of the white-haired man, the man Bobby had seen
talking to the big guy, on Jammer's phone, filled the screen.
She's tapped into his line, Bobby thought
 "Or not," Conroy said, the audio cutting in. "Either way,
we've got her. No problem." The man looked tired, Bobby
thought, but on top of it. Tough. Like Turner.
	"I've been watching you, Conroy," Slide said softly. "My
good friend Bunny, he's been watching you for me. You ain't
the only one awake on Park Avenue tonight .
	"No," Conroy was saying, "we can have her in Stock-
holm for you tomorrow Absolutely." He smiled into the
camera.
	"Kill him, Bunny," she said. "Kill `em all. Punch out the
whole goddamn floor and the one under it. Now."
	"That's right," Conroy said, and then something hap-
pened, something that shook the camera, blurring his image.
"What is that?" he asked, in a very different voice, and then
the screen was blank.
	"Burn, motherfucker,' she said.
	And Bobby was yanked back into the dark
 
MARLY PASSED ThE hour adrift in the ~low storm, watching the
boxmaker's dance. Paco's threat didn't frighten her, although
she had no doubt of his willingness to carry it out. He would
carry it out, she was certain. She had no idea what would
happen if the lock were breached. They would die. She would
die, and Jones, and Wigan Ludgate. Perhaps the contents of
the dome would spill out into space, a blossoming cloud of
lace and tarnished sterling, marbles and bits of string, brown
leaves of old books, to orbit the cores forever That had the
right tone, somehow; the artist who had set the boxmaker in
motion would be pleased.
	The new box gyrated through a round of foam-tipped claws.
Discarded rectangular fragments of wood and glass tumbled
from the focus of creation, to join the thousand things, and
she was lost in it, enchanted, when Jones, wildeyed, his face
filmed with sweat and dirt, heaved up into the dome, trailing
the red suit on a lanyard. "I can't get the Wig into a place I
can seal," he said, "so this is for you	The suit spun up
below him and he grabbed for it, frantic.
 "I don't want it," she said, watching the dance.
 "Get into it! Now! No time!" His mouth worked, but no
sound came. He tried to take her arm.
 "No," she said, evading his hand. "What about you?"
 "Put the goddamn suit on!" he roared, waking the deeper
range of echo.
 "No."

	Behind his head, she saw the screen strobe itself into life,
fill with Paco's features.
	"Sefior is dead," Paco said, his smooth face expression-
less, "and his various interests are undergoing reorganization.
In the interim, I am required in Stockholm. I am authorized to
inform Marly Krushkhova that she is no longer in the employ
of the late Josef Virek, nor is she an employee of his estate.
Her salary in full is available at any branch of the Bank of
France, upon submission of valid identification. The proper
tax declarations are on file with the revenue authorities of
France and Belgium. Lines of working credit have been
invalidated. The former corporate cores of Tessier-Ashpool
SA are the property of one of the late Herr Virek's subsidiary
entities, and anyone on the premises will be charged with
trespass."
	Jones was frozen there, his arm cocked, his hand tensed
open to harden the striking edge of his palm.
	Paco vanished.
	"Are you going to hit me?" she asked.
	He relaxed his arm. "I was about to. Cold-cock you and
stuff you into this bleeding suit . ." He started to laugh.
"But I'm glad I don't have to now . Here, look, it's done
a new one.
	The new box came tumbling out of the shifting flitter of
arms. She caught it easily.
	The interior, behind the rectangle of glass, was smoothly
lined with the sections of leather cut from her jacket. Seven
numbered tabs of holofiche stood up from the box's black
leather floor like miniature tombstones. The crumpled wrap-
per from a packet of Gauloise was mounted against black
leather at the back, and beside it a black-striped gray match-
book from a brasserie in Napoleon Court
	And that was all.

	Later, as she was helping him hunt for Wigan Ludgate in
the maze of corridors at the far end of the cores, he paused,
gripping a welded handhold, and said, "You know, the queer
thing about those boxes
"Yes?"
	"Is that Wig got a damn good price on them, somewhere
in New York. Money, I mean. But sometimes other things as
well, things that came back up . .
	"What sort of things?"
	"Software, I guess it was. He's a secretive old fuck when
it comes to what he thinks his voices are telling him to do
Once, it was something he swore was biosoft, that new

	"What did he do with it?"
	"He'd download it all into the cores." Jones shrugged
	"Did he keep it, then?"
	"No," Jones said, "he'd just toss it into whatever pile of
stuff we'd managed to scrounge for our next shipment out
Just jacked it into the cores and then resold it for whatever he
could get."
	Do you know why? What it was about?"
	"No," Jones said, losing interest in his story, "he'd just
say that the Lord moved in strange ways .." He shrugged
"He said God likes to talk to Himself . .

HE HELPED BEAUvOIR carry Jackie out to the stage, where they
lay her down in front of a cherry-red acoustic drum kit and
covered her with an old black topcoat they found in the
checkroom, with a velvet collar and years of dust on the
shoulders, it had been hanging there so long. "Map f~ jubile
mnan," Beauvoir said, touching the dead girl's forehead with
his thumb. He looked up at Turner. "It is a self-sacrifice,"
he translated, and then drew the black coat gently up, cover-
ing her face.
	"It was fast," Turner said. He couldn't think of anything
else to say.
	Beauvoir took a pack of menthol cigarettes from a pocket
in his gray robe and lit one with a gold Dunhill. He offered
Turner the pack, but Turner shook his head. "There's a
saying in creole," Beauvoir said
	"What's that?''
`Evil exists.'
	"Hey," said Bobby Newmark, dully, from where he
crouched by the glass doors, eye to the edge of the curtain.
"Musta worked, one way or another . . The Gothicks are
starting to leave, looks like most of the Kasuals are already
gone
	"That~s good,~~ Beauvoir said, gently. "That's down to
you. Count. You did good. Earned your handle."
	Turner looked at the boy. He was still moving through the
fog of Jackie's death, he decided. He'd come out from under
the trodes screaming, and Beauvoir had slapped him three
times, hard, across the face, to stop it. But all he'd said to
them, about his run, the run that had cost Jackie her life, was
that he'd given Turner's message to Jaylene Slide. Turner
watched as Bobby got up stiffly and walked to the bar; he saw
the care the boy took not to look at the stage. Had the two
been lovers? Partners? Neither seemed likely.
	He got up from where he sat, on the edge of the stage, and
went back into Jammer's office, pausing to check on the
sleeping Angie, who was curled into his gutted parka on the
carpet, beneath a table. Jammer was asleep, too, in his chair,
his burned hand still on his lap, loosely enveloped in the
striped towel. Tough old mother, Turner thought, an old
jockey. The man had plugged his phone back in as soon as
Bobby had come off his run, but Conroy had never called
back. He wouldnt now, and Turner knew that that meant that
Jammer had been right about the speed with which Jaylene
would strike, to revenge Ramirez, and that Conroy was al-
most certainly dead. And now his hired army of suburban
bighairs was decamping, according to Bobby
	Turner went to the phone and punched up the news recap,
and settled into a chair to watch. A hydrofoil ferry had
collided with a miniature submarine in Macau; the hydrofoil's
life jackets had proven to be substandard, and at least fifteen
people were assumed drowned, while the sub, a pleasure craft
registered in Dublin, had not yet been located. . . . Someone
had apparently used a recoilless rifle to pump a barrage of
incendiary shells into two floors of a Park Avenue co-op
building, and Fire and Tactical teams were still on the scene;
the names of the occupants had not yet been released, and so
far no one had taken credit for the act. . . . (Turner punched
this item up a second time . . ) Fission Authority research
teams at the site of the alleged nuclear explosion in Arizona
were insisting that minor levels of radioactivity detected there
were far too low to be the result of any known form of
tactical warhead. . . . In Stockholm, the death of Josef Virek,
the enormously wealthy art patron had been announced, the
announcement surfacing amid a flurry of bizarre rumors that
Virek had been ill for decades and that his death was the
result of some cataclysmic failure in the life-support systems
in a heavily guarded private clinic in a Stockholm suburb. . .
	(`rurner punched this item past again, and then a third time,
frowned, and then shrugged.) For the morning's human inter-
est note, police in a New Jersey suburb said that


"Turner.
	He shut the recap off and turned to find Angie in the
doorway.
	"How you doing, Angie?"
	"Okay. I didn't dream." She hugged the black sweatshirt
around her, peered up at him from beneath limp brown bangs.
"Bobby showed me where there's a shower. Sort of a dress-
ing room I'm going back there soon. My hair's horrible."
	He went over to her and put his hands on her shoulders.
"You've handled this all pretty well. You'll be out of here,
soon."
	She shrugged out of his touch. "Out of here? Where to?
Japan?"
	"Well, maybe not Japan Maybe not Hosaka
	~`She'll go with us," Beauvoir said, behind her.
	"Why would I want to?"
	"Because," Beauvoir said, "we know who you are. Those
dreams of yours are real. You met Bobby in one, and saved
his life, cut him loose from black ice. You said, `Why are
they doing that to you?' . .
	Angie's eyes widened, darted to Turner and back to Beauvoir.
	"It's a whole long story," Beauvoir said, "and it's open to
interpretation. But if you come with me, come back to the
Projects, our people can teach you things We can teach you
things we don't understand, but maybe you can .
"Why?"
	"Because of what's in your head" Beauvoir nodded sol-
emnly, then shoved the plastic eyeglass frames back up his
nose. "You don't have to stay with us, if you don't want to.
In fact, we're only there to serve you .
"Serve me?"
	`Like I said, it's a long story . . How about it, Mr.
Turner?"
	Turner shrugged. He couldn't think where else she might
go, and Maas would certainly pay to either have her back or
dead, and Hosaka as well. "That might be the best way," he
said.
	"I want to stay with you," she said to Turner. "I like
Jackie, but then she .
	"Never mind," Turner said. "I know." I don't know
anything, he screamed silently. `I'll keep in touch .." I'll
never see you again. "But there's something I'd better tell
you, now. Your father's dead." He killed himself. "The
Maas security people killed him; he held them off while you
got the ultralight off the mesa."
	"Is that true? That he held them off? I mean, I could feel
it, that he was dead, but .
	`Yes," Turner said He took Conroy's black wallet from
his pocket, hung the loop around her neck. "There's a biosoft
dossier in there For when you're older It doesn't tell the
whole story. Remember that Nothing ever does .

	Bobby was standing by the bar when the big guy walked
out of Jammer's office. The big guy crossed to where the girl
had been sleeping and picked up his grungy army coat, put it
on, then walked to the edge of the stage. where Jackie
laylooking so smallbeneath the black coat. The man
reached into his own coat and drew out the gun, the huge
Smith & Wesson Tactical. He opened the cylinder and ex-
tracted the shells, put the shells into hrs coat pocket, then 
lay
the gun down beside Jackie's body, quiet, so it didn't make a
sound at all.
	"You did good, Count," he said, turning to face Bobby,
his hands deep in the pockets of his coat
	"Thanks, man." Bobby felt a surge of pride through his
numbness.
	"So long, Bobby "The man crossed to the door and began
to try the various locks.
	"You want out?" He hurried to the door. "Here. Jammer
showed me. You goin', dude? Where you gonna go?" And
then the door was open and Turner was walking away through
the deserted stalls.
	"I don't know," he called back to Bobby "I've got to buy
eighty liters of kerosene first, then I'll think about it .
	Bobby watched until he was gone, down the dead escalator
it looked like, then closed the door and relocked it. Looking
away from the stage, he crossed Jammer's to the office door
and looked in. Angie was crying, her face pressed into
Beauvoir's shoulder, and Bobby felt a stab of jealousy that
startled him. The phone was cycling, behind Beauvoir, and
Bobby saw that it was the news recap.
	"Bobby," Beauvoir said, "Angela's coming to live with
us, up in the Projects, for a while. You want to come, too?"
	Behind Beauvoir, on the phone screen, the face of Marsha
Newmark appeared, Marsha-momma, his mother "ning's
human interest note, police in a New Jersey suburb said that a
local woman whose condo was the target of a recent bombing
was startled when she returned last night and disco"

"Yeah," Bobby said, quickly, "sure, man."

"SHE'S GOOD," THE unit director said, two years later, dab-
bing a crust of brown village bread ihto the pool of oil at the
bottom of his salad bowl. "Really, she's very good. A quick
study. You have to give her that, don't you?"
	The star laughed and picked up her glass of chilled retsina.
"You hate her, don't you, Roberts? She's too lucky for you,
isn't she? Hasn't made a wrong move yet     They were
leaning on the rough stone balcony, watching the evening
boat set out for Athens. Two rooftops below, toward the
harbor, the girl lay sprawled on a sun-warmed waterbed,
naked, her arms spread out, as though she were embracing
whatever was left of the sun.
He popped the oil-soaked crust into his mouth and licked
his thin lips. "Not at all," he said `~1 don't hate her. Don't
think it for a minute."
	"Her boyfriend," Tally said, as a second figure, male,
appeared on the rooftop below. The boy had dark hair and
wore loose, casually expensive French sports clothes. As they
watched, he crossed to the waterbed and crouched beside the
girl, reaching out to touch her. "She's beautiful, Roberts,
isn't she?"
	"Well," the unit director said, "I've seen her `befores.'
It's surgery." He shrugged, his eyes still on the boy.
	"If you've seen my `befores,"' she said, "someone will
hang for it. But she does have something. Good bones . .
She sipped her wine. "Is she the one? `The new Tally
Isham?"'

	He shrugged again. "Look at that little prick," he said.
"Do you know he's drawing a salary nearly the size of mine,
now? And what exactly does he do to earn it? A bodyguard
 His mouth set, thin and sour.
	"He keeps her happy." Tally smiled. "We got them as a
package. It's a rider in her contract. You know that."
	"I loathe that little bastard. He's right off the street and he
knows it and he doesn't care. He's trash Do you know what
he carries around in his luggage? A cyberspace deck! We
were held up for three hours yesterday, Turkish customs,
when they found the damned thing     He shook his head.
	The boy stood now, turned, and walked to the edge of the
roof. The girl sat up, watching him, brushing her hair back
from her eyes He stood there a long time, staring after the
wake of the Athens boats, neither Tally Isham nor the unit
director nor Angie knowing that he was seeing a gray sweep
of Barrytown condos cresting up into the dark towers of the
Projects.
	The girl stood, crossed the roof to join him, taking his
hand
	"What do we have tomorrow?" Tally asked finally.
	"Paris." he said, taking up his Hermes clipboard from the
stone balustrade and flipping automatically through a thin
sheaf of yellow printouts. "The Kruslikhova woman."
	"Do I know her?"
	"No," he said. "It's an art spot. She runs one of their two
most fashionable galleries. Not much of a backgrounder,
though we do have an interesting hint of scandal, earlier in
her career."
	Tally Isham nodded, ignoring him, and watched her under-
study put her arm around the boy with the dark hair.

WHEN ThE boy was seven, Turner took Rudy's old nylon-
stocked Winchester and they hiked together along the old
road, back up into the clearing.
	The clearing was already a special place, because his mother
had taken him there the year before and shown him a plane, a
real plane, back in the trees. It was settling slowly into the
loam there, but you could sit in the cockpit and pretend to fly
it. It was secret, his mother said, and he could only tell his
father about it and nobody else. If you put your hand on the
plane's plastic skin, the skin would eventually change color,
leaving a handprint there, just the color of your palm. But his
mother had gotten all funny then, and cried, and wanted to
talk about his uncle Rudy, who he didn't remember. Uncle
Rudy was one of the things he didn't understand, like some of
his father's jokes. Once he'd asked his father why he had red
hair, where he'd gotten it, and his father had just laughed and
said he'd gotten it from the Dutchman. Then his mother threw
a pillow at his father, and he never did find out who the
Dutchman was.
	In the clearing, his father taught him to shoot, setting up
lengths of pine against the trunk of a tree When the boy
tired of it, they lay on their backs, watching the squirrels. "I
promised Sally we wouldn't kill anything," he said, and then
explained the basic principles of squirrel hunting. The boy
listened, but part of him was daydreaming about the plane. It
was hot, and you could hear bees buzzing somewhere close,
and water over rocks. When his mother had cried, she'd said
that Rudy had been a good man, that he'd saved her
saved her once from being young and stupid, and once fri
real bad man...
"Is that true?" he asked his father when his father
through explaining about the squirrels. "They're just so di
they'll come back over and over and get shot?"
"Yes," Turner said, "it is." Then he smiled. 
"almost always ."

<|endoftext|>

MONA LISA OVERDRIVE

The Smoke

The ghost was her father's parting gift, presented by a black-clad secretary in 
a departure lounge at Narita.
	For the first two hours of the flight to London it lay forgotten in her 
purse, a smooth dark oblong, one side impressed with the ubiquitous Maas-Neotek 
logo, the other gently curved to fit the user's palm.
	She sat up very straight in her seat in the first-class cabin, her 
features composed in a small cold mask modeled after her dead mother's most 
characteristic expression. The surrounding seats were empty; her father had 
purchased the space. She refused the meal the nervous steward offered. The 
vacant seats frightened him, evidence of her father's wealth and power. The man 
hesitated, then bowed and withdrew. Very briefly, she allowed the mask her 
mother's smile.
	Ghosts, she thought later, somewhere over Germany, staring at the 
upholstery of the seat beside her. How well her father treated his ghosts.
	There were ghosts beyond the window, too, ghosts in the stratosphere of 
Europe's winter, partial images that began to form if she let her eyes drift out 
of focus. Her mother in Ueno Park, face fragile in September sunlight. he 
cranes, Kumi! Look at the cranes!" And Kumiko looked across Shinobazu Pond and 
saw nothing, no cranes at all, only a few hopping black dots that surely were 
crows. The water was smooth as silk, the color of lead, and pale holograms 
flickered indistinctly above a distant line of archery stalls. But Kumiko would 
see the cranes later, many times, in dreams; they were origami, angular things 
folded from sheets of neon, bright stiff birds sailing the moonscape of her 
mother's madness. . . .
	Remembering her father, the black robe open across a tattooed storm of 
dragons, slumped behind the vast ebony field of his desk, his eyes flat and 
bright, like the eyes of a painted doll. our mother is dead. Do you 
understand?" And all around her the planes of shadow in his study, the angular 
darkness. His hand coming forward, into the lamp's circle of light, unsteadily, 
to point at her, the robe's cuff sliding back to reveal a golden Rolex and more 
dragons, their manes swirling into waves, pricked out strong and dark around his 
wrist, pointing. Pointing at her. o you understand?" She hadn't answered, but 
had run instead, down to a secret place she knew, the warren of the smallest of 
the cleaning machines. They ticked around her all night, scanning her every few 
minutes with pink bursts of laser light, until her father came to find her, and, 
smelling of whiskey and Dunhill cigarettes, carried her to her room on the 
apartment's third floor.
	Remembering the weeks that followed, numb days spent most often in the 
black-suited company of one secretary or another, cautious men with automatic 
smiles and tightly furled umbrellas. One of these, the youngest and least 
cautious, had treated her, on a crowded Ginza sidewalk, in the shadow of the 
Hattori clock, to an impromptu kendo demonstration, weaving expertly between 
startled shop girls and wide-eyed tourists, the black umbrella blurring 
harmlessly through the art's formal, ancient arcs. And Kumiko had smiled then, 
her own smile, breaking the funeral mask, and for this her guilt was driven 
instantly, more deeply and still more sharply, into that place in her heart 
where she knew her shame and her unworthiness. But most often the secretaries 
took her shopping, through one vast Ginza department store after another, and in 
and out of dozens of Shinjuku boutiques recommended by a blue plastic Michelin 
guide that spoke a stuffy tourist's Japanese. She purchased only very ugly 
things, ugly and very expensive things, and the secretaries marched stolidly 
beside her, the glossy bags in their hard hands. Each afternoon, returning to 
her father's apartment, the bags were deposited neatly in her bedroom, where 
they remained, unopened and untouched, until the maids removed them.
	And in the seventh week, on the eve of her thirteenth birthday, it was 
arranged that Kumiko would go to London.

"You will be a guest in the house of my kobun ," her father said.
	"But I do not wish to go," she said, and showed him her mother's smile.
	"You must," he said, and turned away. "There are difficulties," he said to 
the shadowed study. "You will be in no danger, in London."
	"And when shall I return?"
	But her father didn't answer. She bowed and left his study, still wearing 
her mother's smile.

The ghost woke to Kumiko's touch as they began their descent into Heathrow. The 
fifty-first generation of Maas-Neotek biochips conjured up an indistinct figure 
on the seat beside her, a boy out of some faded hunting print, legs crossed 
casually in tan breeches and riding boots. "Hullo," the ghost said.
	Kumiko blinked, opened her hand. The boy flickered and was gone. She 
looked down at the smooth little unit in her palm and slowly closed her fingers.
	" 'Lo again," he said. "Name's Colin. Yours?"
	She stared. His eyes were bright green smoke, his high forehead pale and 
smooth under an unruly dark forelock. She could see the seats across the aisle 
through the glint of his teeth. "If it's a bit too spectral for you," he said, 
with a grin, "we can up the rez. . . ." And he was there for an instant, 
uncomfortably sharp and real, the nap on the lapels of his dark coat vibrating 
with hallucinatory clarity. "Runs the battery down, though," he said, and faded 
to his prior state. "Didn't get your name." The grin again.
	"You aren't real," she said sternly.
	He shrugged. "Needn't speak out loud, miss. Fellow passengers might think 
you a bit odd, if you take my meaning. Subvocal's the way. I pick it all up 
through the skin. . . ." He uncrossed his legs and stretched, hands clasped 
behind his head. "Seatbelt, miss. I needn't buckle up myself, of course, being, 
as you've pointed out, unreal."
	Kumiko frowned and tossed the unit into the ghost's lap. He vanished. She 
fastened her seatbelt, glanced at the thing, hesitated, then picked it up again.
	"First time in London, then?" he asked, swirling in from the periphery of 
her vision. She nodded in spite of herself. "You don't mind flying? Doesn't 
frighten you?"
	She shook her head, feeling ridiculous.
	"Never mind," the ghost said. "I'll look out for you. Heathrow in three 
minutes. Someone meeting you off the plane?"
	"My father's business associate," she said in Japanese.
	The ghost grinned. "Then you'll be in good hands, I'm sure." He winked. 
"Wouldn't think I'm a linguist to look at me, would you?"
	Kumiko closed her eyes and the ghost began to whisper to her, something 
about the archaeology of Heathrow, about the Neolithic and the Iron ages, 
pottery and tools. . . .

"Miss Yanaka? Kumiko Yanaka?" The Englishman towered above her, his gaijin bulk 
draped in elephantine folds of dark wool. Small dark eyes regarded her blandly 
through steel-rimmed glasses. His nose seemed to have been crushed nearly flat 
and never reset. His hair, what there was of it, had been shaved back to a gray 
stubble, and his black knit gloves were frayed and fingerless. "My name, you 
see," he said, as though this would immediately reassure her, "is Petal."

Petal called the city Smoke.
	Kumiko shivered on chill red leather; through the ancient Jaguar's window 
she watched the snow spinning down to melt on the road Petal called M4. The late 
afternoon sky was colorless. He drove silently, efficiently, his lips pursed as 
though he were about to whistle. The traffic, to Tokyo eyes, was absurdly light. 
They accelerated past an unmanned Eurotrans freight vehicle, its blunt prow 
studded with sensors and banks of headlights. In spite of the Jaguar's speed, 
Kumiko felt as if somehow she were standing still; London's particles began to 
accrete around her. Walls of wet brick, arches of concrete, black-painted 
ironwork standing up in spears.
	As she watched, the city began to define itself. Off the M4, while the 
Jaguar waited at intersections, she could glimpse faces through the snow, 
flushed gaijin faces above dark clothing, chins tucked down into scarves, 
women's bootheels ticking through silver puddles. The rows of shops and houses 
reminded her of the gorgeously detailed accessories she'd seen displayed around 
a toy locomotive in the Osaka gallery of a dealer in European antiques.
	This was nothing like Tokyo, where the past, all that remained of it, was 
nurtured with a nervous care. History there had become a quantity, a rare thing, 
parceled out by government and preserved by law and corporate funding. Here it 
seemed the very fabric of things, as if the city were a single growth of stone 
and brick, uncounted strata of message and meaning, age upon age, generated over 
the centuries to the dictates of some now-all-but-unreadable DNA of commerce and 
empire.
	"Regret Swain couldn't come out to meet you himself," the man called Petal 
said. Kumiko had less trouble with his accent than with his manner of 
structuring sentences; she initially mistook the apology for a command. She 
considered accessing the ghost, then rejected the idea.
	"Swain," she ventured. "Mr. Swain is my host?"
	Petal's eyes found her in the mirror. "Roger Swain. Your father didn't 
tell you?"
	"No."
	"Ah." He nodded. "Mr. Kanaka's conscious of security in these matters, it 
stands to reason. . . . Man of his stature, et cetera . . ." He sighed loudly. 
"Sorry about the heater. Garage was supposed to have that taken care of. . . ."
	"Are you one of Mr. Swain's secretaries?" Addressing the stubbled rolls of 
flesh above the collar of the thick dark coat.
	"His secretary?" He seemed to consider the matter. "No," he ventured 
finally, "I'm not that." He swung them through a roundabout, past gleaming 
metallic awnings and the evening surge of pedestrians. "Have you eaten, then? 
Did they feed you on the flight?"
	"I wasn't hungry." Conscious of her mother's mask.
	"Well, Swain'll have something for you. Eats a lot of Jap food, Swain." He 
made a strange little ticking sound with his tongue. He glanced back at her.
	She looked past him, seeing the kiss of snowflakes, the obliterating sweep 
of the wipers.

Swain's Notting Hill residence consisted of three interconnected Victorian 
townhouses situated somewhere in a snowy profusion of squares, crescents, and 
mews. Petal, with two of Kumiko's suitcases in either hand, explained to her 
that number 17 was the front entrance for numbers 16 and 18 as well. "No use 
knocking there," he said, gesturing clumsily with the heavy cases in his hand, 
indicating the glossy red paint and polished brass fittings of 16's door. 
"Nothing behind it but twenty inches of ferroconcrete."
	She looked down the crescent, nearly identical facades receding along its 
shallow curve. The snow fell more thickly now, and the featureless sky was lit 
with a salmon glow of sodium lamps. The street was deserted, the snow fresh and 
unmarked. There was an alien edge to the cold air, a faint, pervasive hint of 
burning, of archaic fuels. Petal's shoes left large, neatly defined prints. They 
were black suede oxfords with narrow toes and extremely thick corrugated soles 
of scarlet plastic. She followed in his tracks, beginning to shiver, up the gray 
steps to number 17.
	"It's me then," he said to the black-painted door, "innit." Then he 
sighed, set all four suitcases down in the snow, removed the fingerless glove 
from his right hand, and pressed his palm against a circle of bright steel set 
flush with one of the door panels. Kumiko thought she heard a faint whine, a 
gnat sound that rose in pitch until it vanished, and then the door vibrated with 
the muffled impact of magnetic bolts as they withdrew.
	"You called it Smoke," she said, as he reached for the brass knob, "the 
city. . . ."
	He paused. "The Smoke," he said, "yes," and opened the door into warmth 
and light, "that's an old expression, sort of nickname." He picked up her bags 
and padded into a blue-carpeted foyer paneled in white-painted wood. She 
followed him, the door closing itself behind her, its bolts thumping back into 
place. A mahogany-framed print hung above the white wainscoting, horses in a 
field, crisp little figures in red coats. Colin the chip-ghost should live there 
, she thought. Petal had put her bags down again. Flakes of compacted snow lay 
on the blue carpet. Now he opened another door, exposing a gilt steel cage. He 
drew the bars aside with a clank. She stared into the cage, baffled. "The lift," 
he said. "No space for your things. I'll make a second trip."
	For all its apparent age, it rose smoothly enough when Petal touched a 
white porcelain button with a blunt forefinger. Kumiko was forced to stand very 
close to him then; he smelled of damp wool and some floral shaving
preparation.
	"We've put you up top," he said, leading her along a narrow corridor, 
"because we thought you might appreciate the quiet." He opened a door and 
gestured her in. "Hope it'll do. . . ." He removed his glasses and polished them 
energetically with a crumpled tissue. "I'll get your bags."
	When he had gone, Kumiko walked slowly around the massive black marble tub 
that dominated the center of the low, crowded room. The walls, angled sharply 
toward the ceiling, were faced with mottled gold mirror. A pair of small dormer 
windows flanked the largest bed she'd ever seen. Above the bed, the mirror was 
inset with small adjustable lights, like the reading lamps in an airliner. She 
stood beside the tub to touch the arched neck of a gold-plated swan that served 
as a spout. Its spread wings were tap handles. The air in the room was warm and 
still, and for an instant the presence of her mother seemed to fill it, an 
aching fog.
	Petal cleared his throat in the doorway. "Well then," he said, bustling in 
with her luggage, "everything in order? Feeling hungry yet? No? Leave you to 
settle in . . ." He arranged her bags beside the bed. "If you should feel like 
eating, just ring." He indicated an ornate antique telephone with scrolled brass 
mouth and earpieces and a turned ivory handle. "Just pick it up, you needn't 
dial. Breakfast's when you want it. Ask someone, they'll show you where. You can 
meet Swain then. . . ."
	The sense of her mother had vanished with his return. She tried to feel it 
again, when he said goodnight and closed the door, but it was gone.
	She remained a long time beside the tub, stroking the smooth metal of the 
swan's cool neck.



Kid Afrika

Kid Afrika came cruising into Dog Solitude on the last day in November, his 
vintage Dodge chauffeured by a white girl named Cherry Chesterfield.
	Slick Henry and Little Bird were breaking down the buzzsaw that formed the 
Judge's left hand when Kid's Dodge came into view, its patched apron bag 
throwing up brown fantails of the rusty water that pooled on the Solitude's 
uneven plain of compacted steel.
	Little Bird saw it first. He had sharp eyes, Little Bird, and a 10X 
monocular that dangled on his chest amid the bones of assorted animals and 
antique bottleneck cartridge brass. Slick looked up from the hydraulic wrist to 
see Little Bird straighten up to his full two meters and aim the monocular out 
through the grid of unglazed steel that formed most of Factory's south wall. 
Little Bird was very thin, almost skeletal, and the lacquered wings of brown 
hair that had earned him the name stood out sharp against the pale sky. He kept 
the back and sides shaved high, well above his ears; with the wings and the 
aerodynamic ducktail, he looked as though he were wearing a headless brown gull.
	"Whoa," said Little Bird, "motherfuck."
	"What?" It was hard to get Little Bird to concentrate, and the job needed 
a second set of hands.
	"It's that nigger."
	Slick stood up and wiped his hands down the thighs of his jeans while 
Little Bird fumbled the green Mech-5 microsoft from the socket behind his ear -- 
instantly forgetting the eight-point servo-calibration procedure needed to 
unfuck the Judge's buzzsaw. "Who's driving?" Afrika never drove himself if he 
could help it.
	"Can't make out." Little Bird let the monocular clatter back into the 
curtain of bones and brass.
	Slick joined him at the window to watch the Dodge's progress. Kid Afrika 
periodically touched up the hover's matte-black paint-job with judicious 
applications from an aerosol can, the somber effect offset by the row of chrome-
plated skulls welded to the massive front bumper. At one time the hollow steel 
skulls had boasted red Christmas bulbs for eyes; maybe the Kid was losing his 
concern with image.
	As the hover slewed up to Factory, Slick heard Little Bird shuffle back 
into the shadows, his heavy boots scraping through dust and fine bright spirals 
of metal shavings.
	Slick watched past a last dusty dagger of window glass as the hover 
settled into its apron bags in front of Factory, groaning and venting steam.
	Something rattled in the dark behind him and he knew that Little Bird was 
behind the old parts rack, fiddling the homemade silencer onto the Chinese 
rimfire they used for rabbits.
	"Bird," Slick said, tossing his wrench down on the tarp, "I know you're an 
ignorant little redneck Jersey asshole, but do you have to keep goddamn 
reminding  me of it?"
	"Don't like that nigger," Little Bird said, from behind the rack.
	"Yeah, and if that nigger'd bother noticing, he wouldn't like you either. 
Knew you were back here with that gun, he'd shove it down your throat sideways."
	No response from Little Bird. He'd grown up in white Jersey stringtowns 
where nobody knew shit about anything and hated anybody who did.
	"And I'd help him, too." Slick yanked up the zip on his old brown jacket 
and went out to Kid Afrika's hover.
	The dusty window on the driver's side hissed down, revealing a pale face 
dominated by an enormous pair of amber-tinted goggles. Slick's boots crunched on 
ancient cans rusted thin as old leaves. The driver tugged the goggles down and 
squinted at him; female, but now the amber goggles hung around her neck, 
concealing her mouth and chin. The Kid would be on the far side, a good thing in 
the unlikely event Little Bird started shooting.
	"Go on around," the girl said.
	Slick walked around the hover, past the chrome skulls, hearing Kid 
Afrika's window come down with that same demonstrative little sound.
	"Slick Henry," the Kid said, his breath puffing white as it hit the air of 
the Solitude, "hello."
	Slick looked down at the long brown face. Kid Afrika had big hazel eyes, 
slitted like a cat's, a pencil-thin mustache, and skin with the sheen of buffed 
leather.
	"Hey, Kid." Slick smelled some kind of incense from inside the hover. "How 
y ' doin'?"
	"Well," the Kid said, narrowing his eyes, "recall you sayin' once, if I 
ever needed a favor . . ."
	"Right," Slick said, feeling a first twinge of apprehension. Kid Afrika 
had saved his ass once, in Atlantic City; talked some irate brothers out of 
dropping him off this balcony on the forty-third floor of a burned- out 
highstack. "Somebody wanna throw you off a tall building?"
	"Slick," the Kid said, "I wanna introduce you to somebody."
	"Then we'll be even?"
	"Slick Henry, this fine-looking girl here, this is Miss Cherry 
Chesterfield of Cleveland, Ohio." Slick bent down and looked at the driver. 
Blond shockhead, paintstick around her eyes. "Cherry, this is my close personal 
friend Mr. Slick Henry. When he was young and bad he rode with the Deacon Blues. 
Now he's old and bad, he holes up out here and pursues his art , understand. A 
talented  man, understand."
	"He's the one builds the robots," the girl said, around a wad of gum, "you 
said."
	"The very one," the Kid said, opening his door. "You wait for us here, 
Cherry honey." The Kid, draped in a mink coat that brushed the immaculate tips 
of his yellow ostrich boots, stepped out onto the Solitude, and Slick caught a 
glimpse of something in the back of the hover, eyeblink ambulance flash of 
bandages and surgical tubing. . . .
	"Hey, Kid," he said, "what you got back there?" The Kid's jeweled hand 
came up, gesturing Slick back as the hover's door clanked shut and Cherry 
Chesterfield hit the window buttons.
	"We have to talk about that, Slick."

"I don't think it's much to ask," Kid Afrika said, leaning back against a bare 
metal workbench, wrapped in his mink. "Cherry has a med-tech's ticket and she 
knows she'll get paid. Nice girl, Slick." He winked.
	"Kid . . ."
	Kid Afrika had this guy in the back of the hover who was like dead, coma 
or something, had him hooked up to pumps and bags and tubes and some kind of 
simstim rig, all of it bolted to an old alloy ambulance stretcher, batteries and 
everything.
	"What's this?" Cherry, who'd followed them in after the Kid had taken 
Slick back out to show him the guy in the back of the hover, was peering 
dubiously up at the towering Judge, most of him anyway; the arm with the buzzsaw 
was where they'd left it, on the floor on the greasy tarp. If she has a med tech  
's  ticket , Slick thought, the med-tech probably hasn  't  noticed it   's  
missing yet . She was wearing at least four leather jackets, all of them several 
sizes too big.
	"Slick's art, like I told you."
	"That guy's dying. He smells like piss."
	"Catheter came loose," Cherry said. "What's this thing supposed to do , 
anyway?"
	"We can't keep him here, Kid, he'll stiff. You wanna kill him, go stuff 
him down a hole on the Solitude."
	"The man's not dying," Kid Afrika said. "He's not hurt, he's not sick. . . 
."
	"Then what the fuck's wrong with him?"
	"He's under , baby. He's on a long trip . He needs peace and quiet ."
	Slick looked from the Kid to the Judge, then back to the Kid. He wanted to 
be working on that arm. Kid said he wanted Slick to keep the guy for two weeks, 
maybe three; he'd leave Cherry there to take care of him.
	"I can't figure it. This guy, he's a friend of yours?"
	Kid Afrika shrugged inside his mink.
	"So why don't you keep him at your place?"
	"Not so quiet. Not peaceful enough."
	"Kid," Slick said, "I owe you one, but nothing this weird. Anyway, I gotta 
work, and anyway, it's too weird. And there's Gentry, too. He's gone to Boston 
now; be back tomorrow night and he wouldn't like it. You know how he's funny 
about people. . . . It's mostly his place , too, how it is. . . ."
	"They had you over the railing, man," Kid Afrika said sadly. "You 
remember?"
	"Hey, I remember, I . . ."
	"You don't remember too good," the Kid said. "Okay, Cherry. Let's go. 
Don't wanna cross Dog Solitude at night." He pushed off from the steel bench.
	"Kid, look . . ."
	"Forget it. I didn't know your fucking name, that time in Atlantic City, 
just figured I didn't wanna see the white boy all over the street, y'know? So I 
didn't know your name then, I guess I don't know it now."
	"Kid . . ."
	"Yeah?"
	"Okay. He stays. Two weeks max. You gimme your word, you'll come back and 
get him? And you gotta help me square it with Gentry."
	"What's he need?"
	"Drugs."
	        
	     Little Bird reappeared as the Kid's Dodge wallowed away across the 
Solitude. He came edging out from behind an outcropping of compacted cars, rusty 
pallets of crumpled steel that still showed patches of bright enamel.
	Slick watched him from a window high up in Factory. The squares of the 
steel frame had been fitted with sections of scavenged plastic, each one a 
different shade and thickness, so that when Slick tilted his head to one side, 
he saw Little Bird through a pane of hot-pink Lucite.
	"Who lives here?" Cherry asked, from the room behind him.
	"Me," Slick said, "Little Bird, Gentry . . ."
	"In this room, I mean."
	He turned and saw her there beside the stretcher and its attendant 
machines. "You do," he said.
	"It's your place?" She was staring at the drawings taped to the walls, his 
original conceptions of the Judge and his Investigators, the Corpsegrinder and 
the Witch.
	"Don't worry about it."
	"Better you don't get any ideas," she said.
	He looked at her. She had a large red sore at the corner of her mouth. Her 
bleached hair stood out like a static display. "Like I said, don't worry about 
it."
	"Kid said you got electricity."
	"Yeah."
	"Better get him hooked up," she said, turning to the stretcher. "He 
doesn't draw much, but the batteries'll be getting low."
	He crossed the room to look down at the wasted face. "You better tell me 
something," he said. He didn't like the tubes. One of them went into a nostril 
and the idea made him want to gag. "Who is this guy and what exactly the fuck is 
Kid Afrika doing to him?"
	"He's not," she said, tapping a readout into view on a biomonitor panel 
lashed to the foot of the stretcher with silver tape. "REM's still up, like he 
dreams all the time . . ." The man on the stretcher was strapped down in a 
brand-new blue sleeping bag. "What it is, he -- whoever -- he's paying Kid for 
this."
	There was a trode-net plastered across the guy's forehead; a single black 
cable was lashed along the edge of the stretcher. Slick followed it up to the 
fat gray package that seemed to dominate the gear mounted on the superstructure. 
Simstim? Didn't look like it. Some kind of cyberspace rig? Gentry knew a lot 
about cyberspace, or anyway he talked about it, but Slick couldn't remember 
anything about getting unconscious and just staying jacked in. . . . People 
jacked in so they could hustle. Put the trodes on and they were out there, all 
the data in the world stacked up like one big neon city, so you could cruise 
around and have a kind of grip on it, visually anyway, because if you didn't, it 
was too complicated, trying to find your way to a particular piece of data you 
needed. Iconics, Gentry called that.
	"He paying the Kid?"
	"Yeah," she said.
	"What for?"
	"Keep him that way. Hide him out, too."
	"Who from?"
	"Don't know. Didn't say."
	In the silence that followed, he could hear the steady rasp of the man's 
breath.



Malibu

There was a smell in the house; it had always been there.
	It belonged to time and the salt air and the entropic nature of expensive 
houses built too close to the sea. Perhaps it was also peculiar to places 
briefly but frequently uninhabited, houses opened and closed as their restless 
residents arrived and departed. She imagined the rooms empty, flecks of 
corrosion blossoming silently on chrome, pale molds taking hold in obscure 
corners. The architects, as if in recognition of eternal processes, had 
encouraged a degree of rust; massive steel railings along the deck had been 
eaten wrist-thin by years of spray.
	The house crouched, like its neighbors, on fragments of ruined 
foundations, and her walks along the beach sometimes involved attempts at 
archaeological fantasy. She tried to imagine a past for the place, other houses, 
other voices. She was accompanied, on these walks, by an armed remote, a tiny 
Dornier helicopter that rose from its unseen rooftop nest when she stepped down 
from the deck. It could hover almost silently, and was programmed to avoid her 
line of sight. There was something wistful about the way it followed her, as 
though it were an expensive but unappreciated Christmas gift.
	She knew that Hilton Swift was watching through the Dornier's cameras. 
Little that occurred in the beach house escaped Sense/Net; her solitude, the 
week alone she'd demanded, was under constant surveillance.
	Her years in the profession had conveyed a singular immunity to 
observation.
	       

At night she sometimes lit the floods mounted beneath the deck, illuminating the 
hieroglyphic antics of huge gray sandfleas. The deck itself she left in 
darkness, and the sunken living room behind her. She sat on a chair of plain 
white plastic, watching the Brownian dance of the fleas. In the glare of the 
floods, they cast minute, barely visible shadows, fleeting cusps against the 
sand.
	The sound of the sea wrapped her in its movement. Late at night, as she 
slept in the smaller of the two guest bedrooms, it worked its way into her 
dreams. But never into the stranger 's invading memories.
	The choice of bedrooms was instinctive. The master bedroom was mined with 
the triggers of old pain.
	The doctors at the clinic had used chemical pliers to pry the addiction 
away from receptor sites in her brain.

She cooked for herself in the white kitchen, thawing bread in the microwave, 
dumping packets of dehydrated Swiss soup into spotless steel pans, edging dully 
into the nameless but increasingly familiar space from which she'd been so 
subtly insulated by the designer 's dust.
	"It's called life," she said to the white counter. And what would 
Sense/Net's in-house psychs make of that, she wondered, if some hidden 
microphone caught it and carried it to them? She stirred the soup with a slender 
stainless whisk, watching steam rise. It helped to do things, she thought, just 
to do things yourself; at the clinic, they'd insisted she make her own bed. Now 
she spooned out her own bowl of soup, frowning, remembering the clinic.

She'd checked herself out a week into the treatment. The medics protested. The 
detoxification had gone beautifully, they said, but the therapy hadn't begun. 
They pointed out the rate of relapse among clients who failed to complete the 
program. They explained that her insurance was invalid if she terminated her 
treatment. Sense/Net would pay, she told them, unless they preferred she pay 
them herself. She produced her platinum MitsuBank chip.
	Her Lear arrived an hour later; she told it to take her to LAX, ordered a 
car to meet her there, and canceled all incoming calls.
	"I'm sorry, Angela," the jet said, banking over Montego Bay seconds after 
they'd taken off, "but I have Hilton Swift on executive override."
	"Angie," Swift said, "you know I'm behind you all the way. You know that, 
Angie."
	She turned to stare at the black oval of the speaker. It was centered in 
smooth gray plastic, and she imagined him crouching back there, his long 
runner's legs folded painfully, grotesquely, behind the Lear's bulkhead.
	"I know that, Hilton," she said. "It's nice of you to phone."
	"You're going to L.A., Angie."
	"Yes. That's what I told the plane."
	"To Malibu."
	"That's right."
	"Piper Hill is on her way to the airport."
	"Thank you, Hilton, but I don't want Piper there. I don't want anybody. I 
want a car."
	"There's no one at the house, Angie."
	"Good. That's what I want, Hilton. No one at the house. The house, empty."
	"Are you certain that's a good idea?"
	"It's the best idea I've had in a long time, Hilton."
	There was a pause. "They said it went really well, Angie, the treatment. 
But they wanted you to stay."
	"I need a week," she said. "One week. Seven days. Alone."

After her third night in the house, she woke at dawn, made coffee, dressed. 
Condensation stippled the broad window facing the deck. Sleep had been simply 
that; if dreams had come, she couldn't recall them. But there was something -- a 
quickening, almost a giddiness. She stood in the kitchen, feeling the cold of 
the ceramic floor through thick white sweatsocks, both hands around the warm 
cup.
	Something there. She extended her arms, raising the coffee like a chalice, 
the gesture at once instinctive and ironic.
	It had been three years since the loa had ridden her, three years since 
they had touched her at all. But now?
	Legba? One of the others?
	The sense of a presence receded abruptly. She put the cup down on the 
counter too quickly, coffee slopping over her hand, and ran to find shoes and a 
coat. Green rubber boots from the beach closet, and a heavy blue mountain jacket 
she didn't remember, too large to have been Bobby's. She hurried out of the 
house, down the stairs, ignoring the hum of the toy Dornier's prop as it lifted 
off behind her like a patient dragonfly. She glanced north, along the jumble of 
beach houses, the confusion of rooflines reminding her of a Rio barrio, then 
turned south, toward the Colony.

The one who came was named Mamman Brigitte, or Grande Brigitte, and while some 
think her the wife of Baron Samedi, others name her "most ancient of the dead."
	The dream architecture of the Colony rose to Angie's left, a riot of form 
and ego. Frail-looking neon-embedded replicas of the Watts Towers lifted beside 
neo-Brutalist bunkers faced with bronze bas-reliefs.
	Walls of mirror, as she passed, reflected morning banks of Pacific cloud.
	There had been times, during the past three years, when she had felt as 
though she were about to cross, or recross, a line, a subtle border of faith, to 
find that her time with the loa had been a dream, or, at most, that they were 
contagious knots of cultural resonance remaining from the weeks she'd spent in 
Beauvoir 's New Jersey oumphor. To see with other eyes: no gods, no Horsemen.
	She walked on, comforted by the surf, by the one perpetual moment of 
beach-time, the now-and-always of it.
	Her father was dead, seven years dead, and the record he'd kept of his 
life had told her little enough. That he'd served someone or something, that his 
reward had been knowledge, and that she had been his sacrifice.
	Sometimes she felt as though she'd had three lives, each walled away from 
the others by something she couldn't name, and no hope of wholeness, ever.
	There were the child's memories of the Maas arcology, carved into the 
summit of an Arizona mesa, where she'd hugged a sandstone balustrade, face into 
the wind, and felt as though the whole hollowed tableland was her ship, that she 
could steer out into those sunset colors beyond the mountains. Later, she'd 
flown away from there, her fear a hard thing in her throat. She could no longer 
recall her last glimpse of her father's face. Though it must have been on the 
microlight deck, the other planes tethered against the wind, a row of rainbow 
moths. The first life ended, that night; her father's life had ended too.
	Her second life had been a short one, fast and very strange. A man called 
Turner had taken her away, out of Arizona, and had left her with Bobby and 
Beauvoir and the others. She remembered little about Turner, only that he was 
tall, with hard muscles and a hunted look. He'd taken her to New York. Then 
Beauvoir had taken her, along with Bobby, to New Jersey. There, on the fifty-
third level of a mincome structure, Beauvoir had taught her about her dreams. 
The dreams are real, he'd said, his brown face shining with sweat. He taught her 
the names of the ones she'd seen in dreams. He taught her that all dreams reach 
down to a common sea, and he showed her the way in which hers were different and 
the same. You  alone sail the old sea and the new , he said.
	She was ridden by gods, in New Jersey.
	She learned to abandon herself to the Horsemen. She saw the loa Linglessou 
enter Beauvoir in the oumphor, saw his feet scatter the diagrams outlined in 
white flour. She knew the gods, in New Jersey, and love.
	The loa had guided her, when she'd set out with Bobby to build her third, 
her current life. They were well matched, Angie and Bobby, born out of vacuums, 
Angie from the clean blank kingdom of Maas Biolabs and Bobby from the boredom of 
Barrytown. . . .

Grande Brigitte touched her, without warning; she stumbled, almost fell to her 
knees in the surf, as the sound of the sea was sucked away into the twilit 
landscape that opened in front of her. The whitewashed cemetery walls, the 
gravestones, the willows. The candles.
	Beneath the oldest willow, a multitude of candles, the twisted roots pale 
with wax.
	Child , know me .
	And Angie felt her there, all at once, and knew her for what she was, 
Mamman Brigitte, Mademoiselle Brigitte, eldest of the dead.
	I have no cult , child , no special altar .
	She found herself walking forward, into candleglow, a buzzing in her ears, 
as though the willow hid a vast hive of bees.
	My blood is vengeance .
	Angie remembered Bermuda, night, a hurricane; she and Bobby had ventured 
out into the eye. Grande Brigitte was like that. The silence, the sense of 
pressure, of unthinkable forces held momentarily in check. There was nothing to 
be seen, beneath the willow. Only the candles.
	"The loa . . . I can't call them. I felt something . . . I came looking. . 
. ."
	You are summoned to my  reposoir. Hear me . Your father drew  v in 
your head: he drew them in a flesh that was not flesh . You were consecrated to 
Ezili Freda. Legba led you into the world to serve his own ends. But you were 
sent poison , child , a   coup-poudre . . .
	Her nose began to bleed. "Poison?"
	Your father  's    v are altered ,  partially erased , redrawn. Though 
you have ceased to poison yourself ,    still the Horsemen cannot reach you . I 
am of a different order.
	There was a terrible pain in her head, blood pounding in her temples. . . 
. "Please . . ."
	Hear me . You have enemies .  They plot against you . Much is at stake , 
in this. Fear poison , child!
	She looked down at her hands. The blood was bright and real. The buzzing 
sound grew louder. Perhaps it was in her head. "Please! Help me! Explain . . ."
	You cannot remain here .  It is death .
	And Angie fell to her knees in the sand, the sound of the surf crashing 
around her, dazzled by the sun. The Dornier was hovering nervously in front of 
her, two meters away. The pain receded instantly. She wiped her bloodied hands 
on the sleeves of the blue jacket. The remote's cluster of cameras whirred and 
rotated.
	"It's all right," she managed. "A nosebleed. It's only a nosebleed. . . ." 
The Dornier darted forward, then back. "I'm going back to the house now. I'm 
fine." It rose smoothly out of sight.
	Angie hugged herself, shaking. No , don 't  let them see . They  'll know 
something happened , but not what . She forced herself to her feet, turned, 
began to trudge back up the beach, the way she'd come. As she walked, she 
searched the mountain jacket's pockets for a tissue, anything, something to wipe 
the blood from her face.
	When her fingers found the corners of the flat little packet, she knew 
instantly what it was. She halted, shivering. The drug. It wasn't possible. Yes, 
it was. But who? She turned and stared at the Dornier until it slid away.
	The packet. Enough for a month.
	Coup-poudre .
	Fear poison, child.



Squat

Mona dreamed she was dancing the cage back in some Cleveland juke, naked in a 
column of hot blue light, where the faces thrusting up for her through the veil 
of smoke had blue light snagged in the whites of their eyes. They wore the 
expression men always wore when they watched you dance, staring real hard but 
locked up inside themselves at the same time, so their eyes told you nothing at 
all and their faces, in spite of the sweat, might have been carved from 
something that only looked like flesh.
	Not that she cared how they looked, when she was in the cage, high and hot 
and on the beat, three songs into the set and the wiz just starting to peak, new 
strength in her legs sending her up on the balls of her feet . . .
	One of them grabbed her ankle.
	She tried to scream, only it wouldn't come, not at first, and when it did 
it was like something ripped down inside her, hurt her, and the blue light 
shredded, but the hand, the hand was still there, around her ankle. She came up 
off the bed like a pop-up toy, fighting the dark, clawing hair away from her 
eyes.
	"Whatsa matter, babe?"
	He put his other hand against her forehead and shoved her back, down into 
the pillow's hot depression.
	"Dream . . ." The hand was still there and it made her want to scream. 
"You got a cigarette, Eddy?" The hand went away, click and flare of the lighter, 
the planes of his face jumping out at her as he lit one, handed it to her. She 
sat up quickly, drew her knees up under her chin with the army blanket over them 
like a tent, because she didn't feel like anybody touching her then at all.
	The scavenged plastic chair's broken leg made a warning sound as he leaned 
back and lit his own cigarette. Break , she thought, pitch him on his ass so he 
gets to hit me a few times . At least it was dark, so she didn't have to look at 
the squat. Worst thing was waking up with a bad head, too sick to move, when 
she'd come in crashing and forgotten to retape the black plastic, hard sun to 
show her all the little details and heat the air so the flies could get going.
	Nobody ever grabbed her, back in Cleveland; anybody numb enough to reach 
through that field was already too drunk to move, maybe to breathe. The tricks 
never grabbed her either, not unless they'd squared it with Eddy, paid extra, 
and that was just pretend.
	Whichever way they wanted it, it got to be a kind of ritual, so it seemed 
to happen in a place outside your life. And she'd gotten into watching them, 
when they lost it. That was the interesting part, because they really did lose 
it, they were totally helpless, maybe just for a split second, but it was like 
they weren't even there.
	"Eddy, I'm gonna go crazy, I gotta sleep here anymore."
	He'd hit her before, for less, so she put her face down, against her knees 
and the blanket, and waited.
	"Sure," he said, "you wanna go back to the catfish farm? Wanna go back to 
Cleveland?"
	"I just can't make this anymore. . . ."
	"Tomorrow."
	"Tomorrow what?"
	"That soon enough for you? Tomorrow night, private fucking jet? Straight 
up to New York? Then  you gonna quit giving me this shit?"
	"Please, baby," and she reached out for him, "we can take the train. . . 
."
	He slapped her hand away. "You got shit for brains."
	If she complained any more, anything about the squat, anything that 
implied he wasn't making it, that all his big deals added up to nothing, he'd 
start, she knew he'd start. Like the time she'd screamed about the bugs, the 
roaches they called palmetto bugs, but it was because the goddamn things were 
mutants, half of them; someone had tried to wipe them out with something that 
fucked with their DNA, so you'd see these screwed-up roaches dying with too many 
legs or heads, or not enough, and once she'd seen one that looked like it had 
swallowed a crucifix or something, its back or shell or whatever it was 
distorted in a way that made her want to puke.
	"Baby," she said, trying to soften her voice, "I can't help it, this place 
is just getting to me. . . ."
	"Hooky Green's," he said, like he hadn't heard her, "I was up in Hooky 
Green's and I met a mover . He picked me out , you know? Man's got an eye for 
talent." She could almost feel his grin through the dark. "Outa London, England. 
Talent scout. Come into Hooky's and it was just 'You, my man!' "
	"A trick?" Hooky Green's was where Eddy had most recently decided the 
action was, thirty-third floor of a glass highstack with most of the inside 
walls knocked down, had about a block of dancefloor, but he'd gone off the place 
when nobody there was willing to pay him much attention. Mona hadn't ever seen 
Hooky himself, "lean mean Hooky Green," the retired ballplayer who owned the 
place, but it was great for dancing.
	"Will you fucking listen?   Trick? Shit . He's the man , he's a 
connection, he's on the ladder and he's gonna pull me up. And you know what? I'm 
gonna take you  with me."
	"But what's he want?"
	"An actress. Sort of an actress. And a smart boy to get her in place and 
keep her there."
	"Actress? Place? What place?"
	She heard him unzip his jacket. Something landed on the bed, near her 
feet. "Two thou."
	Jesus. Maybe it wasn't a joke. But if it wasn't, what the hell was it?
	"How much you pull tonight, Mona?"
	"Ninety." It had really been one-twenty, but she'd figured the last one 
for overtime. She was too scared to hold out on him, usually, but she'd needed 
wiz money.
	"Keep it. Get some clothes. Not like work stuff. Nobody wants your little 
ass hanging out, not this trip."
	"When?"
	"Tomorrow, I said. You can kiss this place goodbye."
	When he said that, it made her want to hold her breath.
	The chair creaked again. "Ninety, huh?"
	"Yeah."
	"Tell me."
	"Eddy, I'm so tired. . . ."
	"No," he said.
	But what he wanted wasn't the truth or anything like it. He wanted a 
story, the story that he'd taught her to tell him. He didn't want to hear what 
they talked about (and most of them had some one thing they wanted real bad to 
tell you, and usually they did), or how they got around to asking to see your 
bloodwork tickets, or how every other one made that same joke about how what 
they couldn't cure they could put in remission, or even what they wanted in bed.
	Eddy wanted to hear about this big guy who treated her like she didn't 
matter. Except she had to be careful, when she told it, not to make the trick 
too rough, because that was supposed to cost more than she'd actually been paid. 
The main thing was that this imaginary trick had treated her like she was a 
piece of equipment he'd rented for half an hour. Not that there weren't plenty 
like that, but they mostly spent their money at puppet parlors or got it on 
stim. Mona tended to get the ones who wanted to talk, who tried to buy you a 
sandwich after, which could be bad in its own way but not the kind of bad Eddy 
needed. And the other thing Eddy needed was for her to tell him how that wasn't 
what she liked but she'd found herself wanting it anyway, wanting it bad.
	She reached down in the dark and touched the envelope full of money.
	The chair creaked again.
	So she told him how she was coming out of a BuyLow and he'd hit on her, 
this big guy, just asked how much, which had embarrassed her but she told him 
anyway and she'd said okay. So they went in his car, which was old and big and 
kind of damp-smelling (cribbing detail from her Cleveland days), and he'd sort 
of flipped her over the seat --
	"In front of the BuyLow?"
	"In back."
	Eddy never accused her of making any of it up, even though she knew he 
must have taught her the general outline somehow and it was always basically the 
same story. By the time the big guy had her skirt up (the black one, she said, 
and I had on my white boots) and his pants down, she could hear Eddy's 
beltbuckle jingling as he peeled off his jeans. Part of her was wondering, when 
he slid into bed beside her, whether the position she was describing was 
physically possible, but she kept on going, and anyway it was working on Eddy. 
She remembered to put in how it hurt, when the guy was getting it in, even 
though she'd been really wet. She put in how he held her wrists, though by now 
she was pretty confused about what was where, except that her ass was supposed 
to be up in the air. Eddy had started to touch her, stroking her breasts and 
stomach, so she switched from the offhand brutality of the trick's moves to how 
it was supposed to have made her feel.
	How it was supposed to have made her feel was a way she hadn't ever felt. 
She knew you could get to a place where doing it hurt a little but still felt 
good, but she knew that wasn't it. What Eddy wanted to hear was that it hurt a 
lot and made her feel bad, but she liked it anyway. Which made no sense at all 
to Mona, but she'd learned to tell it the way he wanted her to.
	Because anyway it worked, and now Eddy rolled over with the blanket 
bunched up across his back and got in between her legs. She figured he must be 
seeing it in his head, like a cartoon, what she was telling him, and at the same 
time he got to be that faceless pumping big guy. He had her wrists now, pinned 
above her head, the way he liked.
	And when he was done, curled on his side asleep, Mona lay awake in the 
stale dark, turning the dream of leaving around and around, bright and 
wonderful.
	And please let it be true.



Portobello

Kumiko woke in the enormous bed and lay very still, listening. There was a faint 
continuous murmur of distant traffic.
	The air in the room was cold; she drew the rose duvet around her like a 
tent and climbed out. The small windows were patterned with bright frost. She 
went to the tub and nudged one of the swan's gilded wings. The bird coughed, 
gargled, began to fill the tub. Still huddled in the quilt, she opened her cases 
and began to select the day's garments, laying the chosen articles out on the 
bed.
	When her bath was ready, she let the quilt slide to the floor and climbed 
over the marble parapet, stoically lowering herself into the painfully hot 
water. Steam from the tub had melted the frost; now the windows ran with 
condensation. Did all British bedrooms contain tubs like this? she wondered. She 
rubbed herself methodically with an oval bar of French soap, stood up, sluiced 
the suds off as best she could, wrapped herself in a large black towel, and, 
after some initial fumbling, discovered a sink, toilet, and bidet. These were 
hidden in a very small room that might once have been a closet, its walls fitted 
with dark veneer.
	The theatrical-looking telephone chimed twice.
	"Yes?"
	"Petal here. Care for breakfast? Roger's here. Eager to meet you."
	"Thank you," she said. "I'm dressing now."
	She pulled on her best and baggiest pair of leather slacks, then burrowed 
into a hairy blue sweater so large that it would easily have fit Petal. When she 
opened her purse for her makeup, she saw the Maas-Neotek unit. Her hand closed 
on it automatically. She hadn't intended to summon him, but touch was enough; he 
was there, craning his neck comically and gaping at the low, mirrored ceiling.
	"I take it we aren't in the Dorchester?"
	"I'll ask the questions," she said. "What is this place?"
	"A bedroom," he said. "In rather dubious taste."
	"Answer my question, please."
	"Well," he said, surveying the bed and tub, "by the decor, it could be a 
brothel. I can access historical data on most buildings in London, but there's 
nothing notable about this one. Built in 1848. Solid example of the prevalent 
classical Victorian style. The neighborhood's expensive without being 
fashionable, popular with lawyers of a certain sort." He shrugged; she could see 
the edge of the bed through the burnished gleam of his riding boots.
	She dropped the unit into her purse and he was gone.

She managed the lift easily enough; once in the white-painted foyer, she 
followed the sound of voices. Along a sort of hallway. Around a corner.
	"Good morning," said Petal, lifting the silver cover from a platter. Steam 
rose. "Here's the elusive Mr. Swain, Roger to you, and here's your breakfast."
	"Hello," the man said, stepping forward, his hand extended. Pale eyes in a 
long, strong-boned face. Lank mouse-colored hair was brushed diagonally across 
his forehead. Kumiko found it impossible to guess his age; it was a young man's 
face, but there were deep wrinkles under the grayish eyes. He was tall, with the 
look of an athlete about his arms and shoulders. "Welcome to London." He took 
her hand, squeezed and released it.
	"Thank you."
	He wore a collarless shirt, very fine red stripes against a pale blue 
ground, the cuffs fastened with plain ovals of dull gold; open at the neck, it 
displayed a dark triangle of tattooed flesh. "I spoke with your father this 
morning, told him you'd arrived safely."
	"You are a man of rank."
	The pale eyes narrowed. "Pardon?"
	"The dragons."
	Petal laughed.
	"Let her eat," someone said, a woman's voice.
	Kumiko turned, discovering the slim dark figure against tall, mullioned 
windows; beyond the windows, a walled garden sheathed in snow. The woman's eyes 
were concealed by silver glasses that reflected the room and its occupants.
	"Another of our guests," said Petal.
	"Sally," the woman said, "Sally Shears. Eat up, honey. If you're as bored 
as I am, you feel like a walk." As Kumiko stared, her hand came up to touch the 
glasses, as though she were about to remove them. "Portobello Road's a couple 
blocks. I need some air." The mirrored lenses seemed to have no frames, no 
earpieces.
	"Roger," Petal said, forking pink slices of bacon from a silver platter, 
"do you suppose Kumiko will be safe with our Sally?"
	"Safer than I'd be, given the mood she's in," Swain said. "I'm afraid 
there isn't much here to amuse you," he said to Kumiko, leading her to the 
table, "but we'll try to make you as comfortable as possible and arrange for you 
to see a bit of the city. It isn't Tokyo, though."
	"Not yet, anyway," said Petal, but Swain seemed not to hear.
	"Thank you," Kumiko said, as Swain held her chair.
	"An honor," Swain said. "Our respect for your father --"
	"Hey," the woman said, "she's too young to need that bullshit. Spare us."
	"Sally's in something of a mood, you see," Petal said, as he put a poached 
egg on Kumiko's plate.

Sally Shears's mood, it developed, was one of barely suppressed rage, a fury 
that made itself known in her stride, in the angry gunshot crack of her black 
bootheels on icy pavement.
	Kumiko had to scramble to keep up, as the woman stalked away from Swain's 
house in the crescent, her glasses flashing coldly in directionless winter 
sunlight. She wore narrow trousers of dark brown suede and a bulky black jacket, 
its collar turned up high; expensive clothing. With her short black hair, she 
might have been taken for a boy.
	For the first time since leaving Tokyo, Kumiko felt fear.
	The energy pent in the woman was almost tangible, a knot of anger that 
might slip at any moment.
	Kumiko slid her hand into her purse and squeezed the Maas-Neotek unit; 
Colin was instantly beside her, strolling briskly along, his hands tucked in the 
pockets of his jacket, his boots leaving no imprint in the dirty snow. She 
released the unit then, and he was gone, but she felt reassured. She needn't 
fear losing Sally Shears, whose pace she found difficult; the ghost could 
certainly guide her back to Swain's. And if I run from her , she thought, he 
will help me . The woman dodged through moving traffic at an intersection, 
absently tugging Kumiko out of the path of a fat black Honda taxi and somehow 
managing to kick the fender as it slid past.
	"You drink?" she asked, her hand around Kumiko's forearm.
	Kumiko shook her head. "Please, you're hurting my arm."
	Sally's grip loosened, but Kumiko was steered through doors of ornate 
frosted glass, into noise and warmth, a sort of crowded burrow lined in dark 
wood and worn fawn velour.
	Soon they faced each other across a small marble table that supported a 
Bass ashtray, a mug of dark ale, the whiskey glass Sally had emptied on her way 
from the bar, and a glass of orange squash.
	Kumiko saw that the silver lenses met the pale skin with no sign of a 
seam.
	Sally reached for the empty whiskey glass, tilted it without lifting it 
from the table, and regarded it critically. "I met your father once," she said. 
"He wasn't as far up the ladder, back then." She abandoned the glass for her mug 
of ale. "Swain says you're half gaijin. Says your mother was Danish." She 
swallowed some of the ale. "You don't look it."
	"She had them change my eyes."
	"Suits you."
	"Thank you. And your glasses," she said, automatically, "they are very 
handsome."
	Sally shrugged. "Your old man let you see Chiba yet?"
	Kumiko shook her head.
	"Smart. I was him, I wouldn't either." She drank more ale. Her nails, 
evidently acrylic, were the shade and sheen of mother-of-pearl. "They told me 
about your mother." Her face burning, Kumiko lowered her eyes.
	"That's not why you're here. You know that? He didn't pack you off to 
Swain because of her. There's a war on. There hasn't been high-level infighting 
in the Yakuza since before I was born, but there is now." The empty pint clinked 
as Sally set it down. "He can't have you around, is all. You'd be too easy to 
get to. A guy like Swain's pretty far off the map, far as Kanaka's rivals are 
concerned. Why you got a passport with a different name, right? Swain owes 
Kanaka. So you're okay, right?"
	Kumiko felt the hot tears come.
	"Okay, so you're not okay." The pearl nails drummed on marble. "So she did 
herself and you're not okay. Feel guilty, right?"
	Kumiko looked up, into twin mirrors.

Portobello was choked Shinjuku-tight with tourists. Sally Shears, after 
insisting Kumiko drink the orange squash, which had grown warm and flat, led her 
out into the packed street. With Kumiko firmly in tow, Sally began to work her 
way along the pavement, past folding steel tables spread with torn velvet 
curtains and thousands of objects made of silver and crystal, brass and china. 
Kumiko stared as Sally drew her past arrays of Coronation plate and jowled 
Churchill teapots. "This is gomi ," Kumiko ventured, when they paused at an 
intersection. Rubbish. In Tokyo, worn and useless things were landfill. Sally 
grinned wolfishly. "This is England. Gomi  's  a major natural resource. Gomi  
and talent. What I'm looking for now. Talent."

The talent wore a bottle-green velvet suit and immaculate suede wingtips, and 
Sally found him in another pub, this one called the Rose and Crown. She 
introduced him as Tick. He was scarcely taller than Kumiko, and something was 
skewed in his back or hip, so that he walked with a pronounced limp that 
heightened an overall impression of asymmetry. His black hair was shaved close 
at the back and sides, but piled into an oily loaf of curls above his forehead.
	Sally introduced Kumiko: "My friend from Japan and keep your hands to 
yourself." Tick smiled wanly and led them to a table.
	"How's business, Tick?"
	"Fine," he said glumly. "How's retirement?"
	Sally seated herself on a padded bench, her back to the wall. "Well," she 
said, "it's sort of on again, off again."
	Kumiko looked at her. The rage had evaporated, or else been expertly 
concealed. As Kumiko sat down, she slid her hand into her purse and found the 
unit. Colin popped into focus on the bench beside Sally.
	"Nice of you to think of me," Tick said, taking a chair. "Been two years, 
I'd say." He cocked an eyebrow in Kumiko's direction.
	"She's okay. You know Swain, Tick?"
	"Strictly by reputation, thank you."
	Colin was studying their exchange with amused fascination, moving his head 
from side to side as though he were watching a tennis match. Kumiko had to 
remind herself that only she could see him.
	"I want you to turn him over for me. I don't want him to know."
	He stared at her. The entire left half of his face contorted in a huge 
slow wink. "Well then," he said, "you don't half want much, do you?"
	"Good money, Tick. The best."
	"Looking for something in particular, or is it a laundry run? Isn't as 
though people don't know he's a top nob in the rackets. Can't say I'd want him 
to find me on his manor. . . ."
	"But then there's the money, Tick."
	Two very rapid winks.
	"Roger's twisting me, Tick. Somebody's twisting him. I don't know what 
they've got on him, don't much care. What he's got on me is enough. What I want 
to know is who, where, when. Tap in to incoming and outgoing traffic. He's in 
touch with somebody, because the deal keeps changing."
	"Would I know it if I saw it?"
	"Just have a look, Tick. Do that for me."
	The convulsive wink again. "Right, then. We'll have a go." He drummed his 
fingers nervously on the edge of the table. "Buy us a round?"
	Colin looked across the table at Kumiko and rolled his eyes.

"I don't understand," Kumiko said, as she followed Sally back along Portobello 
Road. "You have involved me in an intrigue. . . ."
	Sally turned up her collar against the wind.
	"But I might betray you. You plot against my father's associate. You have 
no reason to trust me."
	"Or you me, honey. Maybe I'm one of those bad people your daddy's worried 
about."
	Kumiko considered this. "Are you?"
	"No. And if you're Swain's spy, he's gotten a lot more baroque recently. 
If you're your old man's spy, maybe I don't need Tick. But if the Yakuza's 
running this, what's the point of using Roger for a blind?"
	"I am no spy."
	"Then start being your own. If Tokyo's the frying pan, you may just have 
landed in the fire."
	"But why involve me?"
	"You're already involved. You're here. You scared?"
	"No," Kumiko said, and fell silent, wondering why this should be true.

Late that afternoon, alone in the mirrored garret, Kumiko sat on the edge of the 
huge bed and peeled off her wet boots. She took the Maas-Neotek unit from her 
purse.
	"What are they?" she asked the ghost, who perched on the parapet of the 
black marble tub.
	"Your pub friends?"
	"Yes."
	"Criminals. I'd advise you to associate with a better class, myself. The 
woman's foreign. North American. The man's a Londoner. East End. He's a data 
thief, evidently. I can't access police records, except with regard to crimes of 
historical interest."
	"I don't know what to do. . . ."
	"Turn the unit over."
	"What?"
	"On the back. You'll see a sort of half-moon groove there. Put your 
thumbnail in and twist. . . ."
	A tiny hatch opened. Microswitches.
	"Reset the A/B throw to B. Use something narrow, pointed, but not a biro."
	"A what?"
	"A pen. Ink and dust. Gum up the works. A toothpick's ideal. That'll set 
it for voice-activated recording."
	"And then?"
	"Hide it downstairs. We'll play it back tomorrow. . . ."



Morning Light

Slick spent the night on a piece of gnawed gray foam under a workbench on 
Factory's ground floor, wrapped in a noisy sheet of bubble packing that stank of 
free monomers. He dreamed about Kid Afrika, about the Kid's car, and in his 
dreams the two blurred together and Kid's teeth were little chrome skulls.
	He woke to a stiff wind spitting the winter's first snow through Factory's 
empty windows.
	He lay there and thought about the problem of the Judge's buzzsaw, how the 
wrist tended to cripple up whenever he went to slash through something heavier 
than a sheet of chipboard. His original plan for the hand had called for 
articulated fingers, each one tipped with a miniature electric chainsaw, but the 
concept had lost favor for a number of reasons. Electricity, somehow, just 
wasn't satisfying; it wasn't physical  enough. Air was the way to go, big tanks 
of compressed air, or internal combustion if you could find the parts. And you 
could find the parts to almost anything, on Dog Solitude, if you dug long 
enough; failing that, there were half-a-dozen towns in rustbelt Jersey with 
acres of dead machines to pick over.
	He crawled out from under the bench, trailing the transparent blanket of 
miniature plastic pillows like a cape. He thought about the man on the 
stretcher, up in his room, and about Cherry, who'd slept in his bed. No stiff 
neck for her. He stretched and winced.
	Gentry was due back. He'd have to explain it to Gentry, who didn't like 
having people around at all.
	       
Little Bird had made coffee in the room that served as Factory's kitchen. The 
floor was made of curling plastic tiles and there were dull steel sinks along 
one wall. The windows were covered with translucent tarps that sucked in and out 
with the wind and admitted a milky glow that made the room seem even colder than 
it was.
	"How we doing for water?" Slick asked as he entered the room. One of 
Little Bird's jobs was checking the tanks on the roof every morning, fishing out 
windblown leaves or the odd dead crow. Then he'd check the seals on the filters, 
maybe let ten fresh gallons in if it looked like they were running low. It took 
the better part of a day for ten gallons to filter down through the system to 
the collection tank. The fact that Little Bird dutifully took care of this was 
the main reason Gentry would tolerate him, but the boy's shyness probably helped 
as well. Little Bird managed to be pretty well invisible, as far as Gentry was 
concerned.
	"Got lots," Little Bird said.
	"Is there any way to take a shower?" Cherry asked, from her seat on an old 
plastic crate. She had shadows under her eyes, like she hadn't slept, but she'd 
covered the sore with makeup.
	"No," Slick said, "there isn't, not this time of year."
	"I didn't think so," Cherry said glumly, hunched in her collection of 
leather jackets.
	Slick helped himself to the last of the coffee and stood in front of her 
while he drank it.
	"You gotta problem?" she asked.
	"Yeah. You and the guy upstairs. How come you're down here? You off duty 
or something?"
	She produced a black beeper from the pocket of her outermost jacket. "Any 
change, this'll go off."
	"Sleep okay?"
	"Sure. Well enough."
	"I didn't. How long you work for Kid Afrika, Cherry?"
	" 'Bout a week."
	"You really a med-tech?"
	She shrugged inside her jackets. "Close enough to take care of the Count."
	"The Count?"
	"Count, yeah. Kid called him that, once."
	Little Bird shivered. He hadn't gotten to work with his styling tools yet, 
so his hair stuck out in all directions. "What if," Little Bird ventured, "he's 
a vampire?"
	Cherry stared at him. "You kidding?"
	Eyes wide, Little Bird solemnly shook his head.
	Cherry looked at Slick. "Your friend playing with a full deck?"
	"No vampires," Slick said to Little Bird, "that's not a real thing, 
understand? That's just in stims. Guy's no vampire, okay?"
	Little Bird nodded slowly, looking not at all reassured, while the wind 
popped the plastic taut against the milky light.

He tried to get a morning's work in on the Judge, but Little Bird had vanished 
again and the image of the figure on the stretcher kept getting in the way. It 
was too cold; he'd have to run a line down from Gentry's territory at the top of 
Factory, get some space heaters. But that meant haggling with Gentry over the 
current. The juice was Gentry's because Gentry knew how to fiddle it out of the 
Fission Authority.
	It was heading into Slick's third winter in Factory, but Gentry had been 
there four years when Slick found the place. When they'd gotten Gentry's loft 
together, Slick had inherited the room where he'd put Cherry and the man she 
said Kid Afrika called the Count. Gentry took the position that Factory was his, 
that he'd been there first, got the power in so the Authority didn't know. But 
Slick did a lot of things around Factory that Gentry wouldn't have wanted to do 
himself, like making sure there was food, and if something major broke down, if 
the wiring shorted or the water filter packed it in, it was Slick who had the 
tools and did the fixing.
	Gentry didn't like people. He spent days on end with his decks and FX-
organs and holo projectors and came out only when he got hungry. Slick didn't 
understand what it was that Gentry was trying to do, but he envied Gentry the 
narrowness of his obsession. Nothing got to Gentry. Kid Afrika couldn't have 
gotten to Gentry, because Gentry wouldn't have gone over to Atlantic City and 
gotten into deep shit and Kid Afrika's debt.

He went into his room without knocking and Cherry was washing the guy's chest 
with a sponge, wearing white throwaway gloves. She'd carried the butane stove up 
from the room where they did the cooking and heated water in a steel mixing 
bowl.
	He made himself look at the pinched face, the slack lips parted just 
enough to reveal yellow smoker's teeth. It was a street face, a crowd face, face 
you'd see in any bar.
	She looked up at Slick.
	He sat on the edge of the bed, where she'd unzipped his sleeping bag and 
spread it out flat like a blanket, with the torn end tucked in under the foam.
	"We gotta talk, Cherry. Figure this, you know?"
	She squeezed the sponge out over the bowl.
	"How'd you get mixed up with Kid Afrika?"
	She put the sponge in a Ziploc and put that away in the black nylon bag 
from the Kid's hover. As he watched her, he saw there was no wasted motion, and 
she didn't seem to have to think about what she was doing. "You know a place 
called Moby Jane's?"
	"No."
	"Roadhouse, off the interstate. So I had this friend was manager there, 
doing it for about a month when I move in with him. Moby Jane, she's just huge; 
she just sits out back the club in a float tank with this freebase IV drip in 
her arm and it's totally  disgusting. So like I said, I move in there with my 
friend Spencer, he's the new manager, because I had this trouble over my ticket 
in Cleveland and I couldn't work right then."
	"What kind of trouble?"
	"The usual  kind, okay? You wanna hear this or not? So Spencer's let me in 
on the owner's horrible condition, right? So the last thing I want anybody to 
know is that I'm a med-tech, otherwise they'll have me out there changing 
filters on her tank and pumping freebase into two hundred kilos of hallucinating 
psychotic. So they put me waiting tables, slinging beer. It's okay. Get some 
good music in there. Kind of a rough place but it's okay because people know I'm 
with Spencer. 'Cept I wake up one day and Spencer's gone. Then it comes out he's 
gone with a bunch of their money." She was drying the sleeper's chest as she 
spoke, using a thick wad of white absorbent fiber. "So they knock me around a 
little." She looked up at him and shrugged. "But then they tell me what they're 
gonna do. They're gonna cuff my hands behind my back and put me in the tank with 
Moby Jane and turn her drip up real high and tell her my boyfriend ripped her 
off. . . ." She tossed the damp wad into the bowl. "So they locked me up in this 
closet to let me think about it before they did it. When the door opens, though, 
it's Kid Afrika. I never saw him before. 'Miss Chesterfield,' he said, 'I have 
reason to believe you were until recently a certified medical technician.' "
	"So he made you an offer."
	"Offer, my ass. He just checked my papers and took me straight on out of 
there. Not a soul around, either, and it was Saturday afternoon. Took me out in 
the parking lot, there's this hover sittin' in the lot, skulls on the front, two 
big black guys waiting for us, and any way away from that float tank, that's 
just fine by me."
	"Had our friend in the back?"
	"No." Peeling off the gloves. "Had me drive him back to Cleveland, to this 
burb. Big old houses but the lawns all long and scraggy. Went to one with a lot 
of security, guess it was his. This one," and she tucked the blue sleeping bag 
up around the man's chin, "he was in a bedroom. I had to start right in. Kid 
told me he'd pay me good."
	"And you knew he'd bring you out here, to the Solitude?"
	"No. Don't think he did, either. Something happened. He came in next day 
and said we were leaving. I think something scared him. That's when he called 
him that, the Count. 'Cause he was angry and I think maybe scared. 'The Count 
and his fucking LF,' he said."
	"His what?"
	" 'LF.' "
	"What's that?"
	"I think this," she said, pointing up at the featureless gray package 
mounted above the man's head.



No There, There


She imagined Swift waiting for her on the deck, wearing the tweeds he favored in 
an L. A. winter, the vest and jacket mismatched, herringbone and houndstooth, 
but everything woven from the same wool, and that, probably, from the same sheep 
on the same hillside, the whole look orchestrated in London, by committee, in a 
room above a Floral Street shop he'd never seen. They did striped shirts for 
him, brought the cotton from Charvet in Paris; they made his ties, had the silk 
woven in Osaka, the Sense/Net logo embroidered tight and small. And still, 
somehow, he looked as though his mother had dressed him.
	The deck was empty. The Dornier hovered, then darted away to its nest. 
Mamman Brigitte's presence still clung to her.
	She went into the white kitchen and scrubbed drying blood from her face 
and hands. When she stepped into the living room, she felt as though she were 
seeing it for the first time. The bleached floor, the gilt frames and cut-velvet 
upholstery of the Louis XVI chairs, the Cubist backdrop of a Valmier. Like 
Hilton's wardrobe, she thought, contrived by talented strangers. Her boots 
tracked damp sand across the pale floor as she went to the stairwell.
	Kelly Hickman, her wardrobe man, had been to the house while she'd been in 
the clinic; he'd arranged her working luggage in the master bedroom. Nine Herm 
rifle cases, plain and rectangular, like coffins of burnished saddle hide. Her 
clothes were never folded; they lay each garment flat, between sheets of silk 
tissue.
	She stood in the doorway, staring at the empty bed, the nine leather 
coffins.
	She went into the bathroom, glass block and white mosaic tile, locking the 
door behind her. She opened one cabinet, then another, ignoring neat rows of 
unopened toiletries, patent medicines, cosmetics. She found the charger in the 
third cabinet, beside a bubble card of derms. She bent close, peering at the 
gray plastic, the Japanese logo, afraid to touch it. The charger looked new, 
unused. She was almost certain that she hadn't bought it, hadn't left it here. 
She took the drug from her jacket pocket and examined it, turning it over and 
over, watching the measured doses of violet dust tumble in their sealed 
compartments.
	She saw herself place the packet on the white marble ledge, position the 
charger above it, remove a derm from its bubble and insert it. She saw the red 
flash of a diode when the charger had drawn off a dose; she saw herself remove 
the derm, balancing it like a white plastic leech on the tip of her index 
finger, its moist inner surface glittering with minute beads of DMSO --
	She turned, took three steps to the toilet, and dropped the unopened 
packet into the bowl. It floated there like a toy raft, the drug still perfectly 
dry. Perfectly. Her hand shaking, she found a stainless nailfile and knelt on 
the white tile. She had to close her eyes when she held the packet and drove the 
tip of the file against the seam, twisting. The file clattered on tile as she 
touched the flush button and the two halves of the empty packet vanished. She 
rested her forehead against cool enamel, then forced herself to get up, go to 
the sink, and carefully wash her hands.
	Because she wanted, now she really knew   she wanted, to lick her fingers.

Later that day, in a gray afternoon, she found a corrugated plastic shipping 
cannister in the garage, carried it up to the bedroom, and began to pack Bobby's 
remaining things. There wasn't much: a pair of leather jeans he hadn't liked, 
some shirts he'd either discarded or forgotten, and, in the teak bureau's bottom 
drawer, a cyberspace deck. It was an Ono-Sendai, hardly more than a toy. It lay 
amid a tangle of black leads, a cheap set of stim-trodes, a greasy-looking 
plastic tube of saline paste.
	She remembered the deck he'd used, the one he'd taken with him, a gray 
factory-custom Hosaka with unmarked keys. It was a cowboy's deck; he'd insisted 
on traveling with it, even though it caused problems during customs checks. Why, 
she wondered, had he bought the Ono-Sendai? And why had he abandoned it? She was 
seated on the edge of the bed; she lifted the deck from the drawer and put it on 
her lap.
	Her father, long ago, in Arizona, had cautioned her against jacking in. 
You don't need it, he'd said. And she hadn't, because she'd dreamed cyberspace, 
as though the neon gridlines of the matrix waited for her behind her eyelids.
	There 's no there ,there. They taught that to children, explaining 
cyberspace. She remembered a smiling tutor's lecture in the arcology's executive 
crhe, images shifting on a screen: pilots in enormous helmets and clumsy-
looking gloves, the neuroelectronically primitive "virtual world" technology 
linking them more effectively with their planes, pairs of miniature video 
terminals pumping them a computer-generated flood of combat data, the 
vibrotactile feedback gloves providing a touch-world of studs and triggers. . . 
. As the technology evolved, the helmets shrank, the video terminals atrophied. 
. . .
	She leaned forward and picked up the trode-set, shook it to free its leads 
from the tangle.
	No there, there.
	She spread the elastic headband and settled the trodes across her temples 
-- one of the world's characteristic human gestures, but one she seldom 
performed. She tapped the Ono-Sendai's battery-test stud. Green for go. She 
touched the power stud and the bedroom vanished behind a colorless wall of 
sensory static. Her head filled with a torrent of white sound.
	Her fingers found a random second stud and she was catapulted through the 
static wall, into cluttered vastness, the notional void of cyberspace, the 
bright grid of the matrix ranged around her like an infinite cage.

"Angela," the house said, its voice quiet but compelling, "I have a call from 
Hilton Swift. . . ."
	"Executive override?" She was eating baked beans and toast at the kitchen 
counter.
	"No," it said, confidingly.
	"Change your tone," she said, around a mouthful of beans. "Something with 
an edge of anxiety."
	"Mr. Swift is waiting ," the house said nervously.
	"Better," she said, carrying bowl and plate to the washer, "but I want 
something closer to genuine hysteria. . . ."
	"Will  you take the call?" The voice was choked with tension.
	"No," she said, "but keep your voice that way, I like it."
	She walked into the living room, counting under her breath. Twelve, 
thirteen . . .
	"Angela," the house said gently, "I have a call from Hilton Swift --"
	"On executive override," Swift said.
	She made a farting sound with her lips.
	"You know I respect your need to be alone, but I worry about you."
	"I'm fine, Hilton. You needn't worry. Bye-bye."
	"You stumbled this morning, on the beach. You seemed disoriented. Your 
nose began to bleed."
	"I had a nosebleed."
	"We want you to have another physical. . . ."
	"Great."
	"You accessed the matrix today, Angie. We logged you in the BAMA 
industrial sector."
	"Is that what it was?"
	"Do you want to talk about it?"
	"There isn't anything to talk about. I was just screwing around. You want 
to know , though? I was packing some crap Bobby left here. You'd have approved , 
Hilton! I found a deck of his and I tried it. I punched a key, sat there looking 
around, jacked out."
	"I'm sorry, Angie."
	"For what?"
	"For disturbing you. I'll go now."
	"Hilton, do you know where Bobby is?"
	"No."
	"You telling me Net security hasn't kept tabs on him?"
	"I'm telling you I don't know, Angie. That's the truth."
	"Could you find out, if you wanted to?"
	Another pause. "I don't know. If I could, I'm not sure that I would."
	"Thanks. Goodbye, Hilton."
	"Goodbye, Angie."   

She sat on the deck that night, in the dark, watching the fleas dance against 
floodlit sand. Thinking of Brigitte and her warning, of the drug in the jacket 
and the derm charger in the medicine cabinet. Thinking of cyberspace and the sad 
confinement she'd felt with the Ono-Sendai, so far from the freedom of the loa.
	Thinking of the other's dreams, of corridors winding in upon themselves, 
muted tints of ancient carpet . . . An old man, a head made of jewels, a taut 
pale face with eyes that were mirrors . . . And a beach in the wind and dark.
	Not this beach, not Malibu.

And somewhere, in a black California morning, some hour before dawn, amid the 
corridors, the galleries, the faces of dream, fragments of conversation she 
half-recalled, waking to pale fog against the windows of the master bedroom, she 
prized something free and dragged it back through the wall of sleep.
	Rolling over, fumbling through a bedside drawer, finding a Porsche pen, a 
present from an assistant grip, she inscribed her treasure on the glossy back of 
an Italian fashion magazine:
	        T-A

	"Call Continuity," she told the house, over a third cup of coffee.
	"Hello, Angie," said Continuity.
	"That orbital sequence we did, two years ago. The Belgian's yacht . . ." 
She sipped her cooling coffee. "What was the name of the place he wanted to take 
me? The one Robin decided was too tacky."
	"Freeside," the expert system said.
	"Who's taped there?"
	"Tally Isham recorded nine sequences in Freeside."
	"It wasn't too tacky for her?"
	"That was fifteen years ago. It was fashionable."
	"Get me those sequences."
	"Done."
	"Bye."
	"Goodbye, Angie."
	Continuity was writing a book. Robin Lanier had told her about it. She'd 
asked what it was about. It wasn't like that, he'd said. It looped back into 
itself and constantly mutated; Continuity was always  writing it. She asked why. 
But Robin had already lost interest: because Continuity was an AI, and AIs did 
things like that.
	Her call to Continuity cost her a call from Swift.
	"Angie, about that physical . . ."
	"Haven't you scheduled it yet? I want to get back to work. I called 
Continuity this morning. I'm thinking about an orbital sequence. I'm going over 
some things Tally did; I may get some ideas."
	There was a silence. She wanted to laugh. It was difficult to get a 
silence out of Swift. "You're sure, Angie? That's wonderful, but is it really 
what you want to do?"
	"I'm all better, Hilton. I'm just fine. I want to work. Vacation's over. 
Have Porphyre come out here and do my hair before I have to see anyone."
	"You know, Angie," he said, "this makes all of us very happy."
	"Call Porphyre. Set up the physical." Coup-poudre . Who , Hilton? Maybe 
you?
	He had the resources, she thought, half an hour later, as she paced the 
fogbound deck. Her addiction hadn't threatened the Net, hadn't affected her 
output. There were no physical side effects. If there had been, Sense/ Net would 
never have allowed her to begin. The drug's designer, she thought. The designer 
would know. And never tell her, even if she could reach him, which she doubted 
she could. Suppose, she thought, her hands on the rust of the railing, that he 
hadn't been the designer? That the molecule had been designed by someone else, 
to his own ends?
	"Your hairdresser," the house said.
	She went inside.
	Porphyre was waiting, swathed in muted jersey, something from the Paris 
season. His face, as smooth in repose as polished ebony, split into a delighted 
smirk when he saw her. "Missy," he scolded, "you look like homemade shit."
	She laughed. Porphyre clucked and tutted, came forward to flick his long 
fingers at Angie's bangs with mock revulsion. "Missy was a bad girl. Porphyre 
told  you those drugs were nasty!"
	She looked up at him. He was very tall, and, she knew, enormously strong. 
Like a greyhound on steroids, someone had once said. His depilated skull 
displayed a symmetry unknown to nature.
	"You okay?" he asked, in his other voice, the manic brio shut off as if 
someone had thrown a switch.
	"I'm fine."
	"Did it hurt?"
	"Yeah. It hurt."
	"You know," he said, touching her chin lightly with a fingertip, "nobody 
could ever see what you got out of that shit. It didn't seem to get you high. . 
. ."
	"It wasn't supposed to. It was just like being here, being there, only you 
didn't have to --"
	"Feel it as much?"
	"Yes."
	He nodded, slowly. "Then that was some bad shit."
	"Fuck it," she said. "I'm back."
	His smirk returned. "Let's wash your hair."
	"I washed it yesterday!"
	"What in? No! Don't tell me!" He shooed her toward the stairwell.
	In the white-tiled bathroom, he massaged something into her scalp.
	"Have you seen Robin lately?"
	He sluiced cool water through her hair. "Mistah  Lanier is in London, 
missy. Mistah  Lanier and I aren't currently on speaking terms. Sit up now." He 
raised the back of the chair and draped a towel around her neck.
	"Why not?" She felt herself warming to the Net gossip that was Porphyre's 
other specialty.
	"Because," the hairdresser said, his tone carefully even as he ran a comb 
back through her hair, "he had some bad things to say about Angela Mitchell 
while she was off in Jamaica getting her little head straight."
	It wasn't what she'd expected. "He did?"
	"Didn't he just, missy." He began to cut her hair, using the scissors that 
were one of his professional trademarks; he refused to use a laser pencil, 
claimed never to have touched one.
	"Are you joking, Porphyre?"
	"No. He wouldn't say those things to me , but Porphyre hears , Porphyre 
always hears. He left for London the morning after you got here."
	"And what was it you heard he'd said?"
	"That you're crazy. On shit or off. That you hear voices. That the Net 
psychs know."
	Voices . . . "Who told you that?" She tried to turn in the chair.
	"Don't move your head. There." He went back to his work. "I can't say. 
Trust me."

There were a number of calls, after Porphyre left. Her production crew, eager to 
say hello.
	"No more calls this afternoon," she told the house. "I'll run the Tally 
sequences upstairs."
	She found a bottle of Corona at the rear of the fridge and took it to the 
master bedroom. The stim unit in the teak headboard was equipped with studio-
grade trodes that hadn't been there when she'd left for Jamaica. Net technicians 
periodically upgraded equipment in the house. She had a swig of beer, put the 
bottle on the bedside table, and lay down with the trodes across her forehead. 
"Okay," she said, "hit me."
	Into Tally-flesh, Tally-breath.
	How did I ever replace you?  she wondered, overcome by the former star's 
physical being. Do I give people this same pleasure?
	Tally-Angie looking out across a vine-hung chasm that was also a 
boulevard, glancing up to the inverse horizon, squares of distant tennis courts, 
Freeside's "sun" an axial thread of brilliance overhead . . .
	"Fast forward," she told the house.
	Into smooth-pumping muscle and a blur of concrete, Tally hurling her cycle 
around a low-grav velodrome . . .
	"Fast forward."
	A dining scene, tension of velvet straps across her shoulders, the young 
man across the table leaning forward to pour more wine . . .
	"Fast forward."
	Linen sheets, a hand between her legs, purple twilight through plate 
glass, sound of running water . . .
	"Reverse. The restaurant."
	The red wine gurgling into her glass . . .
	"Little more. Hold it. There."
	Tally's eyes had been focused on the boy's tanned wrist, not on the 
bottle.
	"I want a graphic of the visual," she said, pulling off the trodes. She 
sat up and took a swallow of beer, which mingled weirdly with the ghost-flavor 
of Tally's recorded wine.
	The printer downstairs chimed softly as it completed its task. She forced 
herself to take the stairs slowly, but when she reached the printer, in the 
kitchen, the image disappointed her.
	"Can you clear this up?" she asked the house. "I want to be able to read 
the label on the bottle."
	"Justifying image," the house said, "and rotating target object eight 
degrees."
	The printer hummed softly as the new graphic was extruded. Angie found her 
treasure before the machine could chime, her dream-sigil in brown ink: T-A.
	They'd had their own vineyards, she thought.
	Tessier-Ashpool S.A. , the typeface regal and spidery.
	"Gotcha," she whispered.



Texas Radio

Mona could see the sun through a couple of rips in the black plastic they kept 
taped over the window. She hated the squat too much to stay there when she was 
awake or straight, and now she was both.
	She got quietly out of bed, wincing when her bare heel brushed the floor, 
and fumbled for her plastic thongs. The place was dirty;  you could probably get 
tetanus from leaning up against the wall. Made her skin crawl to think about it. 
Stuff like that didn't seem to bother Eddy; he was too far gone in his schemes 
to notice his surroundings much. And he always managed to keep clean, somehow, 
like a cat. He was cat-clean, never a fleck of dirt under his polished nails. 
She figured he probably spent most of what she earned on his wardrobe, although 
it wouldn't have occurred to her to question the fact. She was sixteen and 
SINless, Mona, and this older trick had told her once that that was a song, 
"Sixteen and SINless." Meant she hadn't been assigned a SIN when she was born, a 
Single Identification Number, so she'd grown up on the outside of most official 
systems. She knew that it was supposed to be possible to get a SIN, if you 
didn't have one, but it stood to reason you'd have to go into a building 
somewhere and talk to a suit, and that was a long way from Mona's idea of a good 
time or even normal behavior.
	She had a drill for getting dressed in the squat, and she could do it in 
the dark. You got your thongs on, after giving them a quick knock together to 
dislodge possible crawlies, and then you walked over to where you knew there was 
a roll of old fax on a Styrofoam crate beside the window. You peeled off about a 
meter of fax, maybe a day and a half of Asahi Shimbun , folded and creased it, 
put it down on the floor. Then you could stand on it, get the plastic bag from 
beside the crate, undo the twist of wire that held it shut, and find the clothes 
you wanted. When you stepped out of the thongs to put your pants on, you knew 
you'd be stepping on fresh fax. It was an article of faith with Mona that 
nothing was going to wander across the fax in the time it took her to step into 
a pair of jeans and get the thongs back on.
	You could put on a shirt or whatever, carefully reseal the bag, and get 
out of there. Makeup, when required, went on in the corridor outside; there was 
some mirror left, beside the derelict elevator, a Fuji biofluorescent strip 
glued above it.
	There was a strong piss smell beside the elevator this morning, so she 
decided to skip the makeup.
	You never saw anybody in the building, but you heard them sometimes; music 
through a closed door, or footsteps just gone around a corner at the far end of 
a corridor. Well, that made sense; Mona had no desire to meet her neighbors 
either.
	She took the stairs down three flights and into the gaping dark of the 
underground garage. She had her flashlight in her hand, found her way with six 
quick little blinks that steered her around stagnant puddles and dangling 
strands of dead optic cable, up the concrete steps and out into the alley. You 
could smell the beach, sometimes, in the alley, if the wind was right, but today 
it just smelled of garbage. The side of the squat towered away above her, so she 
moved fast, before some asshole decided to drop a bottle or worse. Once she was 
out on the Avenue, she slowed, but not too much; she was conscious of the cash 
in her pocket, and full of plans for spending it. Wouldn't do to get taken off, 
not when it looked like Eddy had wrangled them some kind of ticket out. She 
alternated between telling herself it was a sure thing, that they were 
practically gone, and warning herself not to get her hopes up. She knew Eddy's 
sure things: hadn't Florida been one of them? How it was warm in Florida and the 
beaches were beautiful and it was full of cute guys with money, just the spot 
for a little working vacation that had already stretched into the longest month 
Mona could remember. Well, it was fucking hot in Florida, like a sauna. The only 
beaches that weren't private were polluted, dead fish rolling belly-up in the 
shallows. Maybe the private stretches were the same, but you couldn't see them, 
just the chainlink and the guards in shorts and cop shirts standing around. 
Eddy'd get excited by the weapons the guards carried and describe each one to 
her in numbing detail. He didn't have a gun himself, though, not as far as she 
knew, and Mona figured that was a good thing. Sometimes you couldn't even smell 
the dead fish, because there was another smell, a chlorine smell that burned the 
roof of your mouth, something from the factories up the coast. If there were 
cute guys, they were still tricks, and the ones down here weren't exactly 
offering to pay double.
	About the only thing to like about Florida was drugs, which were easy to 
come by and cheap and mostly industrial strength. Sometimes she imagined the 
bleach smell was the smell of a million dope labs cooking some unthinkable 
cocktail, all those molecules thrashing their kinky little tails, hot for 
destiny and the street.
	She turned off the Avenue and walked down a line of unlicensed food 
stalls. Her stomach started growling at the smell, but she didn't trust street 
food, not if she didn't have to, and there were licensed places in the mall that 
would take cash. Somebody was playing a trumpet in the asphalt square that had 
been the parking lot, a rambling Cuban solo that bounced and distorted off the 
concrete walls, dying notes lost in the morning clatter of the market. A soapbox 
evangelist spread his arms high, a pale fuzzy Jesus copying the gesture in the 
air above him. The projection rig was in the box he stood on, but he wore a 
battered nylon pack with two speakers sticking over each shoulder like blank 
chrome heads. The evangelist frowned up at Jesus and adjusted something on the 
belt at his waist. Jesus strobed, turned green, and vanished. Mona laughed. The 
man's eyes flashed God's wrath, a muscle working in his seamed cheek. Mona 
turned left, between rows of fruit vendors stacking oranges and grapefruit in 
pyramids on their battered metal carts.
	She entered a low, cavernous building that housed aisles of more permanent 
businesses: sellers of fish and packaged foods, cheap household goods, counters 
serving a dozen kinds of hot food. It was cooler here in the shade, and a little 
quieter. She found a wonton place with six empty stools and took one. The 
Chinese cook spoke to her in Spanish; she ordered by pointing. He brought her 
soup in a plastic bowl; she paid him with the smallest of her bills, and he made 
change with eight greasy cardboard tokens. If Eddy meant it, about leaving, she 
wouldn't be able to use them; if they stayed in Florida, she could always get 
some wonton. She shook her head. Gotta go, gotta. She shoved the worn yellow 
disks back across the painted plyboard counter. "You keep 'em." The cook swept 
them out of sight, bland and expressionless, a blue plastic toothpick fixed at 
the corner of his mouth.
	She took chopsticks from the glass on the counter and fished a folded 
noodle from the bowl. There was a suit watching her from the aisle behind the 
cook's pots and burners. A suit who was trying to look like something else, 
white sportshirt and sunglasses. More the way they stand than anything, she 
thought. But he had the teeth, too, and the haircut, except he had a beard. He 
was pretending to look around, like he was shopping, hands in his pockets, his 
mouth set in what he might have thought was an absent smile. He was pretty, the 
suit, what you could see of him behind the beard and the glasses. The smile 
wasn't pretty, though; it was kind of rectangular, so you could see most of his 
teeth. She shifted a little on the stool, uneasy. Hooking was legal, but only if 
you did it right, got the tax chip and everything. She was suddenly aware of the 
cash in her pocket. She pretended to study the laminated foodhandling license 
taped to the counter; when she looked up again, he was gone.

She spent fifty on the clothes. She worked her way through eighteen racks in 
four shops, everything the mall had, before she made up her mind. The vendors 
didn't like her trying on so many things, but it was the most she'd ever had to 
spend. It was noon before she'd finished, and the Florida sun was cooking the 
pavement as she crossed the parking lot with her two plastic bags. The bags, 
like the clothes, were secondhand: one was printed with the logo of a Ginza shoe 
store, the other advertised Argentinian seafood briquettes molded from 
reconstituted krill. She was mentally mixing and matching the things she'd 
bought, figuring out different outfits.
	From the other side of the square, the evangelist opened up at full 
volume, in mid-rant, like he'd warmed up to a spit-spraying fury before he'd cut 
the amp in, the hologram Jesus shaking its white-robed arms and gesturing 
angrily to the sky, the mall, the sky again. Rapture, he said. Rapture's coming.
	Mona turned a corner at random, automatic reflex avoiding a crazy, and 
found herself walking past sunfaded card tables spread with cheap Indo simstim 
sets, used cassettes, colored spikes of microsoft stuck in blocks of pale blue 
Styrofoam. There was a picture of Angie Mitchell taped up behind one of the 
tables, a poster Mona hadn't seen before. She stopped and studied it hungrily, 
taking in the star's clothes and makeup first, then trying to figure out the 
background, where it had been shot. Unconsciously, she adjusted her expression 
to approximate Angie's in the poster. Not a grin, exactly.A sort of half-grin, 
maybe a little sad. Mona felt a special way about Angie. Because -- and tricks 
said it, sometimes -- she looked like her. Like she was Angie's sister. Except 
her nose, Mona's, had more of a tilt, and she, Angie, didn't have that smear of 
freckles out to her cheekbones. Mona's Angie half-grin widened as she stared, 
washed in the beauty of the poster, the luxury of the pictured room. She guessed 
it was a kind of castle, probably it was where Angie lived, sure, with lots of 
people to take care of her, do her hair and hang up her clothes, because you 
could see the walls were made of big rocks, and those mirrors had frames on them 
that were solid gold, carved with leaves and angels. The writing across the 
bottom would say where it was, maybe, but Mona couldn't read. Anyway, there 
weren't any fucking roaches there, she was sure of that, and no Eddy either. She 
looked down at the stim sets and briefly considered using the rest of her money. 
But then she wouldn't have enough for a stim, and anyway these were old, some of 
them older than she was. There was whatsit, that Tally, she'd been big when Mona 
was maybe nine. . . .

When she got back, Eddy was waiting for her, with the tape off the window and 
the flies buzzing. Eddy was sprawled out on the bed, smoking a cigarette, and 
the suit with the beard, who'd been watching her, was sitting in the broken 
chair, still wearing his sunglasses.

Prior , he said that was his name, like he didn't have a first one. Or like Eddy 
didn't have a last one. Well, she didn't have a last name herself, unless you 
counted Lisa, and that was more like having two first ones.
	She couldn't get much sense of him, in the squat. She thought maybe that 
was because he was English. He wasn't really a suit, though, not like she'd 
thought when she'd seen him in the mall; he was onto some game, it just wasn't 
clear which one. He kept his eyes on her a lot, watched her pack her things in 
the blue Lufthansa bag he'd brought, but she couldn't feel any heat there, not 
like he wanted her. He just watched her, watched Eddy smoke, tapped his 
sunglasses on his knee, listened to Eddy's line of bullshit, and said as little 
as he needed to. When he did say something, it was usually funny, but the way he 
talked made it hard to tell when he was joking.
	Packing, she felt light-headed, like she'd done a jumper but it hadn't 
quite come on. The flies were fucking against the window, bumping on the dust-
streaked glass, but she didn't care. Gone, she was already gone.
	Zipping up the bag.

It was raining when they got to the airport, Florida rain, pissing down warm out 
of a nowhere sky. She'd never been to an airport before, but she knew them from 
the stims.
	Prior's car was a white Datsun rental that drove itself and played 
elevator music through quad speakers. It left them beside their luggage in a 
bare concrete bay and drove away in the rain. If Prior had a bag, it wasn't with 
him; Mona had her Lufthansa bag and Eddy had two black gator-clone suitcases.
	She tugged her new skirt down over her hips and wondered if she'd bought 
the right shoes. Eddy was enjoying himself, had his hands in his pockets and his 
shoulders tilted to show he was doing something important.
	She remembered him in Cleveland, the first time, how he'd come out to the 
place to look at a scoot the old man had for sale, a three-wheel Skoda that was 
mostly rust. The old man grew catfish in concrete tanks that fenced the dirt 
yard. She was in the house when Eddy came, long high-walled space of a truck 
trailer up on blocks. There were windows cut down one side, square holes sealed 
over with scratched plastic. She was standing by the stove, smell of onions in 
sacks and tomatoes hung up to dry, when she felt him there, down the length of 
the room, sensed the muscle and shoulder of him, his white teeth, the black 
nylon cap held shyly in his hand. Sun was coming in the windows, the place lit 
up bare and plain, the floor swept the way the old man had her keep it, but it 
was like a shadow came, blood-shadow where she heard the pumping of her heart, 
and him coming closer, tossing the cap on the bare chipboard table as he passed 
it, not shy now but like he lived there, right up to her, running a hand with a 
bright ring back through the oiled weight of his hair. The old man came in then 
and Mona turned away, pretended to do something with the stove. Coffee, the old 
man said, and Mona went to get some water, filling the enamel pot from the roof-
tank line, the water gurgling down through the charcoal filter. Eddy and the old 
man sitting at the table, drinking black coffee, Eddy's legs spread straight out 
under the table, thighs hard through threadbare denim. Smiling, jiving the old 
man, dealing for the Skoda. How it seemed to run okay, how he'd buy it if the 
old man had the title. Old man getting up to dig in a drawer. Eddy's eyes on her 
again. She followed them out into the yard and watched him straddle the cracked 
vinyl saddle. Backfire set the old man's black dogs yelping, high sweet smell of 
cheap alcohol exhaust and the frame trembling between his legs.
	Now she watched him pose beside his suitcases, and it was hard to connect 
that up, why she'd left with him next day on the Skoda, headed into Cleveland. 
The Skoda'd had a busted little radio you couldn't hear over the engine, just 
play it soft at night in a field by the road. Tuner part was cracked so it only 
picked up one station, ghost music up from some lonesome tower in Texas, steel 
guitar fading in and out all night, feeling how she was wet against his leg and 
the stiff dry grass prickling the back of her neck.
	Prior put her blue bag into a white cart with a striped top and she 
climbed in after it, hearing tiny Spanish voices from the Cuban driver's 
headset. Then Eddy stowed the gator cases and he and Prior got in. Rolling out 
to the runway through walls of rain.

The plane wasn't what she knew from the stims, not like a long rich bus inside, 
with lots of seats. It was a little black thing with sharp, skinny wings and 
windows that made it look like it was squinting.
	She went up some metal stairs and there was a space with four seats and 
the same gray carpet all over, on the walls and ceiling too, everything clean 
and cool and gray. Eddy came in after her and took a seat like it was something 
he did every day, loosening his tie and stretching his legs. Prior was pushing 
buttons beside the door. It made a sighing sound when it closed.
	She looked out the narrow, streaming windows at runway lights reflected on 
wet concrete.
	Came down here on the train , she thought, New York to Atlanta and then 
you change .
	The plane shivered. She heard the airframe creak as it came to life.

She woke briefly, two hours later, in the darkened cabin, cradled by the long 
hum of the jet. Eddy was asleep, his mouth half-open. Maybe Prior was sleeping 
too, or maybe he just had his eyes closed, she couldn't tell.
	Halfway back into a dream she wouldn't remember in the morning, she heard 
the sound of that Texas radio, fading steel chords drawn out like an ache.



Underground

Jubilee and Bakerloo, Circle and District. Kumiko peered at the little laminated 
map Petal had given her and shivered. The concrete platform seemed to radiate 
cold through the soles of her boots.
	"It's so fucking old," Sally Shears said absently, her glasses reflecting 
a convex wall sheathed in white ceramic tile.
	"I beg your pardon?"
	"The tube." A new tartan scarf was knotted under Sally's chin, and her 
breath was white when she spoke. "You know what bothers me? It's how sometimes 
you'll see 'em sticking new tile up in these stations, but they don't take down 
the old tile first. Or they'll punch a hole in the wall to get to some wiring 
and you can see all these different layers of tile. . . ."
	"Yes?"
	"Because it's getting narrower , right? It's like arterial plaque. . . ."
	"Yes," Kumiko said dubiously, "I see. . . . Those boys, Sally, what is the 
meaning of their costume, please?"
	"Jacks. What they call Jack Draculas."
	The four Jack Draculas huddled like ravens on the opposite platform. They 
wore nondescript black raincoats and polished black combat boots laced to the 
knee. One turned to address another and Kumiko saw that his hair was drawn back 
into a plaited queue and bound with a small black bow.
	"Hung him," Sally said, "after the war."
	"Who?"
	"Jack Dracula. They had public hangings for a while, after the war. Jacks, 
you wanna stay away from 'em. Hate anybody foreign . . ."
	Kumiko would have liked to access Colin, but the Maas-Neotek unit was 
tucked behind a marble bust in the room where Petal served their meals, and then 
the train arrived, amazing her with the archaic thunder of wheels on steel rail.

Sally Shears against the patchwork backdrop of the city's architecture, her 
glasses reflecting the London jumble, each period culled by economics, by fire, 
by war.
	Kumiko, already confused by three rapid and apparently random train 
changes, let herself be hauled through a sequence of taxi rides. They'd jump out 
of one cab, march into the nearest large store, then take the first available 
exit to another street and another cab. "Harrods," Sally said at one point, as 
they cut briskly through an ornate, tile-walled hall pillared in marble. Kumiko 
blinked at thick red roasts and shanks displayed on tiered marble counters, 
assuming they were made of plastic. And then out again, Sally hailing the next 
cab. "Covent Garden," she said to the driver.
	"Excuse me, Sally. What are we doing?"
	"Getting lost."

Sally drank hot brandy in a tiny caf beneath the snow-streaked glass roof of 
the piazza. Kumiko drank chocolate.
	"Are we lost, Sally?"
	"Yeah. Hope so, anyway." She looked older today, Kumiko thought; lines of 
tension or fatigue around her mouth.
	"Sally, what is it that you do? Your friend asked if you were still 
retired. . . ."
	"I'm a businesswoman."
	"And my father is a businessman?"
	"Your father is   a businessman, honey. No, not like that. I'm an indie. I 
make investments, mostly."
	"In what do you invest?"
	"In other indies." She shrugged. "Feeling curious today?" She sipped her 
brandy.
	"You advised me to be my own spy."
	"Good advice. Takes a light touch, though."
	"Do you live here, Sally, in London?"
	"I travel."
	"Is Swain another 'indie'?"
	"He thinks so. He's into influence, nods in the right direction; you need 
that here, to do business, but it gets on my nerves." She tossed back the rest 
of the brandy and licked her lips.
	Kumiko shivered.
	"You don't have to be scared of Swain. Yanaka could have him for 
breakfast. . . ."
	"No. I thought of those boys in the subway. So thin . . ."
	"The Draculas."
	"A gang?"
	"Bosozoku ," Sally said, with fair pronunciation. " 'Running tribes'? 
Anyway, like a tribe." It wasn't the right word, but Kumiko thought she saw the 
distinction. "They're thin because they're poor." She gestured to the waiter for 
a second brandy.
	"Sally," Kumiko said, "when we came here, the route we took, the trains 
and cabs, that was in order to make certain we were not followed?"
	"Nothing's ever certain."
	"But when we went to meet Tick, you took no precautions. We could easily 
have been followed. You enlist Tick to spy on Swain, yet you take no 
precautions. You bring me here, you take many precautions. Why?"
	The waiter put a steaming glass down in front of her. "You're a sharp 
little honey, aren't you?" She leaned forward and inhaled the fumes of brandy. 
"It's like this, okay? With Tick, maybe I'm just trying to shake some action."
	"But Tick is concerned that Swain not discover him."
	"Swain won't touch him, not if he knows he's working for me."
	"Why?"
	"Because he knows I might kill him." She raised the glass, looking 
suddenly happier.
	"Kill Swain?"
	"That's right." She drank.
	"Then why were you so cautious today?"
	"Because sometimes it feels good to shake it all off, get out from under. 
Chances are, we haven't. But maybe we have. Maybe nobody, nobody at all, knows 
where we are. Nice feeling, huh? You could be kinked, you ever think of that? 
Maybe your dad, the Yak warlord, he's got a little bug planted in you so he can 
keep track of his daughter. You got those pretty little teeth, maybe Daddy's 
dentist tucked a little hardware in there one time when you were into a stim. 
You go to the dentist?"
	"Yes."
	"You stim while he works?"
	"Yes . . ."
	"There you go. Maybe he's listening to us right now. . . ."
	Kumiko nearly overturned what was left of her chocolate.
	"Hey." The polished nails tapped Kumiko's wrist. "Don't worry about it. He 
wouldn't've sent you here like that, with a bug. Make you too easy for his 
enemies to track. But you see what I mean? It's good to get out from under, or 
anyway try. On our own, right?"
	"Yes," Kumiko said, her heart still pounding, the panic continuing to 
rise. "He killed my mother," she blurted, then vomited chocolate on the caf's 
gray marble floor.

Sally leading her past the columns of Saint Paul's, walking, not talking. 
Kumiko, in a disjointed trance of shame, registering random information: the 
white shearling that lined Sally's leather coat, the oily rainbow sheen of a 
pigeon's feathers as it waddled out of their way, red buses like a giant's toys 
in the Transport Museum, Sally warming her hands around a foam cup of steaming 
tea.
	Cold, it would always be cold now. The freezing damp in the city's ancient 
bones, the cold waters of Sumida that had filled her mother's lungs, the chill 
flight of the neon cranes.
	Her mother was fine-boned and dark, the thick spill of her hair grained 
with gold highlights, like some rare tropical hardwood. Her mother smelled of 
perfume and warm skin. Her mother told her stories, about elves and fairies and 
Copenhagen, which was a city far away. When Kumiko dreamed of the elves, they 
were like her father's secretaries, lithe and staid, with black suits and furled 
umbrellas. The elves did many curious things, in her mother's stories, and the 
stories were magic, because they changed with the telling, and you could never 
be certain how a tale might end on a given night. There were princesses in the 
stories as well, and ballerinas, and each of them, Kumiko had known, was in some 
way her mother.
	The princess-ballerinas were beautiful but poor, dancing for love in the 
far city's heart, where they were courted by artists and student poets, handsome 
and penniless. In order to support an aged parent, or purchase an organ for an 
ailing brother, a princess- ballerina was sometimes obliged to voyage very far 
indeed, perhaps as far as Tokyo, to dance for money. Dancing for money, the 
tales implied, was not a happy thing.

Sally took her to a robata bar in Earls Court and forced her to drink a glass of 
sake. A smoked fugu fin floated in the hot wine, turning it the color of 
whiskey. They ate robata from the smoky grill, and Kumiko felt the cold recede, 
but not the numbness. The decor of the bar induced a profound sense of cultural 
dislocation: it managed to simultaneously reflect traditional Japanese design 
and look as though it had been drawn up by Charles Rennie Mackintosh.
	She was very strange, Sally Shears, stranger than all of gaijin London. 
Now she told Kumiko stories, stories about people who lived in a Japan Kumiko 
had never known, stories that defined her father's role in the world. The oyabun 
, she called Kumiko's father. The world Sally's stories described seemed no more 
real than the world of her mother's fairy tales, but Kumiko began to understand 
the basis and extent of her father's power. "Kuromaku ," Sally said. The word 
meant black curtain. "It's from Kabuki, but it means a fixer, someone who sells 
favors. Means behind-the-scenes, right? That's your father. That's Swain, too. 
But Swain's your old man's kobun , or anyway one of them. Oyabun-kobun , parent-
child. That's partly where Roger gets his juice. That's why you're here now, 
because Roger owes it to the oyabun . Giri , understand?"
	"He is a man of rank."
	Sally shook her head. "Your old man, Kumi, he's it . If he's had to ship 
you out of town to keep you safe, means there's some serious changes on the 
way."

"Been down the drinker?" Petal asked, as they entered the room, his eyeglass 
edges winking Tiffany light from a bronze and stained-glass tree that grew on 
the sideboard. Kumiko wanted to look at the marble head that hid the Maas-Neotek 
unit, but forced herself to look out into the garden. The snow there had become 
the color of London sky.
	"Where's Swain?" Sally asked.
	"Guvnor's out," Petal told her.
	Sally went to the sideboard and poured herself a glass of scotch from a 
heavy decanter. Kumiko saw Petal wince as the decanter came down hard on the 
polished wood. "Any messages?"
	"No."
	"Expect him back tonight?"
	"Can't say, really. Do you want dinner?"
	"No."
	"I'd like a sandwich," Kumiko said.

Fifteen minutes later, with the untouched sandwich on the black marble bedside 
table, she sat in the middle of the huge bed, the Maas-Neotek unit between her 
bare feet. She'd left Sally drinking Swain's whiskey and staring out into the 
gray garden.
	Now she took up the unit and Colin shuddered into focus at the foot of the 
bed.
	"Nobody can hear my half of this," he said quickly, putting a finger to 
his lips, "and a good thing, too. Room's bugged."
	Kumiko started to reply, then nodded.
	"Good," he said. "Smart girl. Got two conversations for you. One's your 
host and his minder, other's your host and Sally. Got the former about fifteen 
minutes after you stashed me downstairs. Listen . . ." Kumiko closed her eyes 
and heard the tinkle of ice in a whiskey glass.
	"Where's our little Jap, then?" Swain asked.
	"Tucked up for the night," Petal said. "Talks to herself, that one. One-
sided conversation. Queer."
	"What about?"
	"Bloody little, actually. Some people do, y 'know. . . ."
	"What?"
	"Talk to themselves. Like to hear her?"
	"Christ, no. Where's the delightful Miss Shears?"
	"Out for her constitutional."
	"Call Bernie 'round, next time, see what she's about on these little walks 
. . ."
	"Bernie," and Petal laughed, "he'd come back in a fucking box!"
	Now Swain laughed. "Mightn't be a bad thing either way, Bernard off our 
hands and the famous razorgirl's thirst slaked . . . Here, pour us another."
	"None for me. Off to bed, unless you need me . . ."
	"No," Swain said.
	"So," said Colin, as Kumiko opened her eyes to find him still seated on 
the bed, "there's a voice-activated bug here in your room; the minder reviewed 
the recording and heard you address me. Our second segment, now, is more 
interesting. Your host sits there with his second whiskey, in comes our Sally. . 
. ."
	"Hullo," she heard Swain say, "been out taking the air?"
	"Fuck off."
	"You know," Swain said, "none of this was my idea. You might try keeping 
that in mind. You know they've got me by the balls as well."
	"You know, Roger, sometimes I'm tempted to believe you."
	"Try it. It would make things easier."
	"Other times, I'm tempted to slit your fucking throat."
	"Your problem, dear, is that you never learned to delegate; you still want 
to do everything personally."
	"Listen, asshole, I know where you're from, and I know how you got here, 
and I don't care how far you've got your tongue up Kanaka's crack or anybody 
else's. Sarakin!  " Kumiko had never heard the word before.
	"I heard from them again," Swain said, his tone even, conversational. 
"She's still on the coast, but it looks as though she'll make a move soon. East, 
most likely. Back on your old manor. I think that's our best bet, really. The 
house is impossible. Enough private security along that stretch to stop a fair-
sized army . . ."
	"You still trying to tell me this is just a snatch, Roger? Trying to tell 
me they're gonna hold her for ransom?"
	"No. Nothing's been said about selling her back."
	"So why don't they just hire that army? No reason they'd have to stop at 
fair-sized, is there? Get the mercs, right? The corporate-extraction boys. She's 
not that hard a target, no more than some hotshit research man. Get the fucking 
pros  in . . ."
	"For perhaps the hundredth time, that isn't what they want. They want 
you."
	"Roger, what do  they have on you, huh? I mean, do you really  not know 
what it is they got on me?"
	"No, I don't. But based on what they've got on me, I'll hazard a guess."
	"Yeah?"
	"Everything."
	No reply.
	"There's another angle," he said, "that came up today. They want it to 
look as though she's been taken out."
	"What?"
	"They want it to look as though we've killed her."
	"And how are we supposed to manage that?"
	"They'll provide a body."
	"I assume," Colin said, "that she left the room without comment. It ends 
there."



The Shape

He spent an hour checking the saw's bearings, then lubed them again. It was 
already too cold to work; he'd have to go ahead and heat the room where he kept 
the others, the Investigators and the Corpsegrinder and the Witch. That in 
itself would be enough to disturb the balance of his arrangement with Gentry, 
but it faded beside the problem of explaining his agreement with Kid Afrika and 
the fact of two strangers in Factory. There was no way to argue with Gentry; the 
juice was his, because he was the one who fiddled it out of the Fission 
Authority; without Gentry's monthly passes on the console, the ritual moves that 
kept the Authority convinced Factory was somewhere else, some place that paid 
its bill, there wouldn't be any electricity.
	And Gentry was so strange anyway, he thought, feeling his knees creak as 
he stood up and took the Judge's control unit from his jacket pocket. Gentry was 
convinced that cyberspace had a Shape, an overall total form. Not that that was 
the weirdest idea Slick had ever run across, but Gentry had this obsessive 
conviction that the Shape mattered totally . The apprehension of the Shape was 
Gentry's grail.
	Slick had once stimmed a Net/Knowledge sequence about what shape the 
universe was; Slick figured the universe was everything there was, so how could 
it have a shape? If it had a shape, then there was something around it for it to 
have a shape in , wasn't there? And if that something was something, then wasn't 
that  part of the universe too? This was exactly the kind of thing you didn't 
want to get into with Gentry, because Gentry could tie your head in knots. But 
Slick didn't think cyberspace was anything like the universe anyway; it was just 
a way of representing data. The Fission Authority had always looked like a big 
red Aztec pyramid, but it didn't have  to; if the FA wanted it to, they could 
have it look like anything. Big companies had copyrights on how their stuff 
looked. So how could you figure the whole matrix had a particular shape? And why 
should it mean anything if it did?
	He touched the unit's power stud; the Judge, ten meters away, hummed and 
trembled.
	Slick Henry hated the Judge. That was what the art people never 
understood. That didn't mean it didn't give him pleasure to have built the 
thing, to have gotten the Judge out , out where he could see him and keep track 
of him and finally, sort of, be free of the idea of him, but that sure wasn't 
the same as liking  him.
	Nearly four meters tall, half as broad at the shoulders, headless, the 
Judge stood trembling in his patchwork carapace the color of rust gone a certain 
way, like the handles of an old wheelbarrow, polished by the friction of a 
thousand hands. He'd found a way to get that surface with chemicals and 
abrasives, and he'd used it on most of the Judge; the old parts anyway, the 
scavenged parts, not the cold teeth of the circular blades or the mirrored 
surfaces of the joints, but the rest of the Judge was that color, that finish, 
like a very old tool still in hard daily use.
	He thumbed the joystick and the Judge took one step forward, then another. 
The gyros were working perfectly; even with an arm off, the thing moved with a 
terrible dignity, planting its huge feet just so.
	Slick grinned in Factory's gloom as the Judge clomped toward him, one-two, 
one-two. He could remember every step of the Judge's construction, if he wanted 
to, and sometimes he did, just for the comfort of being able to.
	He couldn't remember when he hadn't been able to remember, but sometimes 
he almost could.
	That was why he had built the Judge, because he'd done something -- it 
hadn't been anything much, but he'd been caught doing it, twice -- and been 
judged for it, and sentenced, and then the sentence was carried out and he 
hadn't been able to remember, not anything, not for more than five minutes at a 
stretch. Stealing cars. Stealing rich people's cars. They made sure you 
remembered what you did.
	Working the joystick, he got the Judge turned around and walked him into 
the next room, along an aisle between rows of damp-stained concrete pads that 
had once supported lathes and spot welders. High overhead, up in the gloom and 
dusty beams, dangled dead fluorescent fixtures where birds sometimes nested.
	Korsakov's, they called that, something they did to your neurons so that 
short-term memories wouldn't stick. So that the time you did was time you lost, 
but he'd heard they didn't do it anymore, or anyway not for grand theft auto. 
People who hadn't been there thought it sounded easy, like jail but then it's 
all erased, but it wasn't like that. When he'd gotten out, when it was over -- 
three years strung out in a long vague flickering chain of fear and confusion 
measured off in five-minute intervals, and it wasn't the intervals you could 
remember so much as the transitions . . . When it was over, he'd needed to build 
the Witch, the Corpsegrinder, then the Investigators, and finally, now, the 
Judge.
	As he guided the Judge up the concrete ramp to the room where the others 
waited, he heard Gentry gunning his motor out on Dog Solitude.
	People made Gentry uncomfortable, Slick thought as he headed for the 
stairs, but it worked both ways. Strangers could feel the Shape burning behind 
Gentry's eyes; his fixation came across in everything he did. Slick had no idea 
how he got along on his trips to the Sprawl; maybe he just dealt with people who 
were as intense as he was, loners on the jagged fringes of the drug and software 
markets. He didn't seem to care about sex at all, to the extent that Slick had 
no idea what it was he'd have wanted if he'd decided to care.
	Sex was the Solitude's main drawback, as far as Slick was concerned, 
particularly in the winter. Summers, sometimes, he could find a girl in one of 
those rusty little towns; that was what had taken him to Atlantic City that time 
and gotten him in the Kid's debt. Lately he told himself the best solution was 
just to concentrate on his work, but climbing the shuddering steel stairs to the 
catwalk that led to Gentry's space, he found himself wondering what Cherry 
Chesterfield looked like under all those jackets. He thought about her hands, 
how they were clean and quick, but that made him see the unconscious face of the 
man on the stretcher, the tube feeding stuff into his left nostril, Cherry 
dabbing at his sunken cheeks with a tissue; made him wince.
	"Hey, Gentry," he bellowed out into the iron void of Factory, "comin' up . 
. ."
	       
Three things about Gentry weren't sharp and thin and tight: his eyes, his lips, 
his hair. His eyes were large and pale, gray or blue depending on the light; his 
lips were full and mobile; his hair was swept back into a ragged blond 
roostertail that quivered when he walked. His thinness wasn't Bird's emaciation, 
born of a stringtown diet and bad nerves; Gentry was just narrow, the muscle 
packed in close, no fat at all. He dressed sharp and tight, too, black leather 
trimmed with jet-black beads, a style Slick remembered from his days in the 
Deacon Blues. The beads, as much as anything, made Slick think he was about 
thirty; Slick was about thirty himself.
	Gentry stared as Slick stepped through the door into the glare of ten 100-
watt bulbs, making sure Slick knew he was another obstacle coming between Gentry 
and the Shape. He was putting a pair of motorcycle panniers up on his long steel 
table; they looked heavy.
	Slick had cut roof panels away, installed struts where needed, covered the 
holes with sheets of rigid plastic, caulked the resulting skylights with 
silicone. Then Gentry came in with a mask and a sprayer and twenty gallons of 
white latex paint; he didn't dust or clean anything, just lay down a thick coat 
over all the crud and dessicated pigeonshit, sort of glued it all down and 
painted over it again until it was more or less white. He painted everything but 
the skylights, then Slick started winching gear up from Factory's floor, a small 
truckload of computers, cyberspace decks, a huge old holo-projection table that 
nearly broke the winch, effect generators, dozens of corrugated plastic cartons 
stuffed with the thousands of fiche Gentry had accumulated in his quest for the 
Shape, hundreds of meters of optics, on bright new plastic reels, that spoke to 
Slick of industrial theft. And books, old books with covers made of cloth glued 
over cardboard. Slick hadn't ever known how heavy books were. They had a sad 
smell, old books.
	"You're pulling a few more amps, since I left," Gentry said, opening the 
first of the two panniers. "In your room. Get a new heater?" He began to root 
quickly through the contents, as though he were looking for something he needed 
but had misplaced. He wasn't, though, Slick knew; it was having to have someone, 
even someone he knew, unexpectedly in his space.
	"Yeah. I gotta heat the storage area again, too. Too cold to work, 
otherwise."
	"No," Gentry said, looking up suddenly, "that's not a heater in your room. 
The amperage is wrong."
	"Yeah." Slick grinned, on the theory that grinning made Gentry think he 
was stupid and easily cowed.
	" 'Yeah' what, Slick Henry?"
	"It's not a heater."
	Gentry closed the pannier with a snap. "You can tell me what it is or I 
can cut your power."
	"Y'know, Gentry, I wasn't around here, you'd have a lot less time for . . 
. things." Slick raised his eyebrows meaningfully in the direction of the big 
projection table. "Fact is, I got two people staying with me. . . ." He saw 
Gentry stiffen, the pale eyes widen. "But you won't see  either of 'em, won't 
hear 'em, nothing."
	"No," Gentry said, his voice tight, as he rounded the end of the table, 
"because you're going to get them out of here ,  aren't you?"
	"Two weeks max, Gentry."
	"Out. Now ." Gentry's face was inches away and Slick smelled the sour 
breath of exhaustion. "Or you go with them."
	Slick outweighed Gentry by ten kilos, most of it muscle, but that had 
never intimidated Gentry; Gentry didn't seem to know or care that he could be 
hurt. That was intimidating in its own way. Gentry had slapped him, once, hard, 
in the face, and Slick had looked down at the huge chrome-moly wrench in his own 
hand and had felt an obscure embarrassment.
	Gentry was holding himself rigid, starting to tremble. Slick had a pretty 
good idea that Gentry didn't sleep when he went to Boston or New York. He didn't 
always sleep that much in Factory either. Came back strung and the first day was 
always the worst. "Look," Slick said, the way somebody might to a child on the 
verge of tears, and pulled the bag from his pocket, the bribe from Kid Afrika. 
He held up the clear plastic Ziploc for Gentry to see: blue derms, pink tablets, 
a nasty-looking turd of opium in a twist of red cellophane, crystals of wiz like 
fat yellow throat lozenges, plastic inhalers with the Japanese manufacturer's 
name scraped off with a knife. . . . "From Afrika," Slick said, dangling the 
Ziploc.
	"Africa?" Gentry looked at the bag, at Slick, the bag again. "From 
Africa?"
	"Kid Afrika. You don't know him. Left this for you."
	"Why?"
	"Because he needs me to put up these friends of his for a little while. I 
owe him a favor, Gentry. Told him how you didn't like anybody around. How it 
gets in your way. So," Slick lied, "he said he wanted to leave you some stuff to 
make up for the trouble."
	Gentry took the bag and slid his finger along the seal, opening it. He 
took out the opium and handed that back to Slick. "Won't need that." Took out 
one of the blue derms, peeled off the backing, and smoothed it carefully into 
place on the inside of his right wrist. Slick stood there, absently kneading the 
opium between his thumb and forefinger, making the cellophane crackle, while 
Gentry walked back around the long table and opened the pannier. He pulled out a 
new pair of black leather gloves.
	"I think I'd better . . . meet these guests of yours, Slick."
	"Huh?" Slick blinked, astonished. "Yeah . . . But you don't really have 
to, I mean, wouldn't it be --"
	"No," Gentry said, flicking up his collar, "I insist ."
	Going down the stairs, Slick remembered the opium and flung it over the 
rail, into the dark.
	He hated drugs.
	       "Cherry?" He felt stupid, with Gentry watching him bang his 
knuckles on his own door. No answer. He opened it. Dim light. He saw how she'd 
made a shade for one of his bulbs, a cone of yellow fax fastened with a twist of 
wire. She'd unscrewed the other two. She wasn't there.
	The stretcher was there, its occupant bundled in the blue nylon bag. It  
's eating him , Slick thought, as he looked at the superstructure of support 
gear, the tubes, the sacs of fluid. No , he told himself, it  's keeping him 
alive ,like in a hospital . But the impression lingered: what if it were 
draining him, draining him dry? He remembered Bird's vampire talk.
	"Well," said Gentry, stepping past him to stand at the foot of the 
stretcher. "Strange company you keep, Slick Henry . . ." Gentry walked around 
the stretcher, keeping a cautious meter between his ankles and the still figure.
	"Gentry, you sure you maybe don't wanna go back up? I think that derm . . 
. Maybe you did too much."
	"Really?" Gentry cocked his head, his eyes glittering in the yellow glow. 
He winked. "Why do you think that?"
	"Well," Slick hesitated, "you aren't like you usually are. I mean, like 
you were before."
	"You think I'm experiencing a mood swing, Slick?"
	"Yeah."
	"I'm enjoying  a mood swing."
	"I don't see you smiling," Cherry said from the door.
	"This is Gentry, Cherry. Factory's sort of his place. Cherry's from 
Cleveland. . . ."
	But Gentry had a thin black flashlight in his gloved hand; he was 
examining the trode-net that covered the sleeper's forehead. He straightened up, 
the beam finding the featureless, unmarked unit, then darting down again to 
follow the black cable to the trode-net.
	"Cleveland," Gentry said at last, as though it were a name he'd heard in a 
dream. "Interesting . . ." He raised his light again, craning forward to peer at 
the point where the cable joined the unit. "And Cherry -- Cherry, who is he?  " 
the beam falling hard on the wasted, irritatingly ordinary face.
	"Don't know," Cherry said. "Get that out of his eyes. Might screw up his 
REM or something."
	"And this?" He lit the flat gray package.
	"The LF, Kid called it. Called him the Count, called that his LF." She 
thrust her hand inside her jackets and scratched herself.
	"Well, then," Gentry said, turning, click as the beam died, the light of 
his obsession burning bright, bright behind his eyes, amplified so powerfully by 
Kid Afrika's derm that it seemed to Slick that the Shape must be right there, 
blazing through Gentry's forehead, for anyone at all to see except Gentry 
himself, "that must be just what it is. . . ."



Down on the Drag

Mona woke as they were landing.
	Prior was listening to Eddy and nodding and flashing his rectangular 
smile. It was like the smile was always there, behind his beard. He'd changed 
his clothes, though, so he must've had some on the plane. Now he wore a plain 
gray business suit and a tie with diagonal stripes. Sort of like the tricks 
Eddy'd set her up with in Cleveland, except the suit fit a different way.
	She'd seen a trick fitted for a suit once, a guy who took her to a Holiday 
Inn. The suit place was off the hotel lobby, and he stood in there in his 
underwear, crosshatched with lines of blue light, and watched himself on three 
big screens. On the screens, you couldn't see the blue lines, because he was 
wearing a different suit in each image. And Mona had to bite her tongue to keep 
from laughing, because the system had a cosmetic program that made him look 
different on the screens, stretched his face a little and made his chin 
stronger, and he didn't seem to notice. Then he picked a suit, got back into the 
one he'd been wearing, and that was it.
	Eddy was explaining something to Prior, some crucial point in the 
architecture of one of his scams. She knew how to tune the content out, but the 
tone still got to her, like he knew people wouldn't be able to grasp the gimmick 
he was so proud of, so he was taking it slow and easy, like he was talking to a 
little kid, and he'd keep his voice low to sound patient. It didn't seem to 
bother Prior, but then it seemed to Mona that Prior didn't much give a shit what 
Eddy said.
	She yawned, stretched, and the plane bumped twice on runway concrete, 
roared, began to slow. Eddy hadn't even stopped talking.
	"We have a car waiting," Prior said, interrupting him.
	"So where's it taking us?" Mona asked, ignoring Eddy's frown.
	Prior showed her the smile. "To our hotel." He unfastened his seatbelt. 
"We'll be there for a few days. Afraid you'll have to spend most of them in your 
room."
	"That's the deal," Eddy said, like it was his idea she'd have to stay in 
the room.
	"You like stims, Mona?" Prior asked, still smiling.
	"Sure," she said, "who doesn't?"
	"Have a favorite, Mona, a favorite star?"
	"Angie," she said, vaguely irritated. "Who else?"
	The smile got a little bigger. "Good. We'll get you all of her latest 
tapes."
	       
Mona's universe consisted in large part of things and places she knew but had 
never physically seen or visited. The hub of the northern Sprawl didn't smell, 
in stims. They edited it out, she guessed, the way Angie never had a headache or 
a bad period. But it did smell. Like Cleveland, but even worse. She'd thought it 
was just the way the airport smelled, when they left the plane, but it had been 
even stronger when they'd gotten out of their car to go into the hotel. And it 
was cold as hell in the street, too, with a wind that bit at her bare ankles.
	The hotel was bigger than that Holiday Inn, but older, too, she thought. 
The lobby was more crowded than lobbies were in stims, but there was a lot of 
clean blue carpet. Prior made her wait by an ad for an orbital spa while he and 
Eddy went over to a long black counter and he talked to a woman with a brass 
nametag. She felt stupid waiting there, in this white plastic raincoat Prior had 
made her wear, like he didn't think her outfit was good enough. About a third of 
the crowd in the lobby were Japs she figured for tourists. They all seemed to 
have recording gear of some kind -- video, holo, a few with simstim units on 
their belts -- but otherwise they didn't look like they had a whole lot of 
money. She thought they were all supposed to have a lot. Maybe they  're smart , 
don 't want to show it , she decided.
	She saw Prior slide a credit chip across the counter to the woman with the 
nametag, who took it and zipped it along a metal slot.

Prior put her bag down on the bed, a wide slab of beige temperfoam, and touched 
a panel that caused a wall of drapes to open. "It's not the Ritz," he said, "but 
we'll try to make you comfortable."
	Mona made a noncommittal sound. The Ritz was a burger place in Cleveland 
and she couldn't see what that had to do with anything.
	"Look," he said, "your favorite." He was standing beside the bed's 
upholstered headboard. There was a stim unit there, built in, and a little shelf 
with a set of trodes in a plastic wrapper and about five cassettes. "All of 
Angie's new stims."
	She wondered who'd put those cassettes there, and if they'd done it after 
Prior had asked her what stims she liked. She showed him a smile of her own and 
went to the window. The Sprawl looked like it did in stims; the window was like 
a hologram postcard, famous buildings she didn't know the names of but she knew 
they were famous.
	Gray of the domes, geodesics picked out white with snow, behind that the 
gray of the sky.
	"Happy, baby?" Eddy asked, coming up behind her and putting his hands on 
her shoulders.
	"They got showers here?"
	Prior laughed. She shrugged out of Eddy's loose grip and took her bag into 
the bathroom. Closed and locked the door. She heard Prior's laugh again, and 
Eddy starting up with his scam talk. She sat on the toilet, opened her bag, and 
dug out the cosmetic kit where she kept her wiz. She had four crystals left. 
That seemed like enough; three was enough, but when she got down to two she 
usually started looking to score. She didn't do jumpers much, not every day 
anyway, except recently she had, but that was because Florida had started to 
drive her crazy.
	Now she could start tapering off, she decided, as she tapped a crystal out 
of the vial. It looked like hard yellow candy; you had to crush it, then grind 
it up between a pair of nylon screens. When you did that, it gave off a kind of 
hospital smell.

They were both gone, by the time she finished her shower. She'd stayed in until 
she got bored with it, which took a long time. In Florida she'd mostly used 
showers at public pools or bus stations, the kind you worked with tokens. She 
guessed there was something hooked up to this one that measured the liters and 
put it on your bill; that was how it worked at the Holiday Inn. There was a big 
white filter above the plastic shower- head, and a sticker on the tile wall with 
an eye and a tear meant it was okay to shower but don't get it in your eyes, 
like swimming pool water. There was a row of chrome spouts set into the tile, 
and when you punched a button under each one you got shampoo, shower gel, liquid 
soap, bath oil. When you did that, a little red dot lit up beside the button, 
because it went on your bill. On Prior's bill. She was glad they were gone, 
because she liked being alone and high and clean. She didn't get to be alone 
much, except on the street, and that wasn't the same. She left damp footprints 
on the beige carpet when she walked to the window. She was wrapped in a big 
towel that matched the bed and the carpet and had a word shaved into the fuzzy 
part, probably the name of the hotel.
	There was an old-fashioned building a block away, and the corners of its 
stepped peak had been carved down to make a kind of mountain, with rocks and 
grass, and a waterfall that fell and hit rocks and then fell again. It made her 
smile, why anybody had gone to that trouble. Drifts of steam came off the water, 
where it hit. It couldn't just fall down into the street, though, she thought, 
because it would cost too much. She guessed they pumped it back up and used it 
over, around in a circle.
	Something gray moved its head there, swung its big curly horns up like it 
was looking at her. She took a step back on the carpet and blinked. Kind of a 
sheep, but it had to be a remote, a hologram or something. It tossed its head 
and started eating grass. Mona laughed.
	She could feel the wiz down the backs of her ankles and across her 
shoulderblades, a cold tight tingle, and the hospital smell at the back of her 
throat.
	She'd been scared before but she wasn't scared now.
	Prior had a bad smile, but he was just a player, just a bent suit. If he 
had money, it was somebody else's. And she wasn't scared of Eddy anymore; it was 
almost like she was scared for him, because she could see what other people took 
him for.
	Well, she thought, it didn't matter; she wasn't growing catfish in 
Cleveland anymore, and no way anybody'd get her back to Florida again.
	She remembered the alcohol stove, cold winter mornings, the old man 
hunched in his big gray coat. Winters he'd put a second layer of plastic over 
the windows. The stove was enough to heat the place, then, because the walls 
were covered with sheets of hard foam, and chipboard over that. Places where the 
foam showed, you could pick at it with your finger, make holes; if he caught you 
doing it, he'd yell. Keeping the fish warm in cold weather was more work; you 
had to pump water up to the roof, where the sun mirrors were, into these clear 
plastic tubes. But the vegetable stuff rotting on the tank ledges helped, too; 
steam rose off when you went to net a fish. He traded the fish for other kinds 
of food, for things people grew, stove alcohol and the drinking kind, coffee 
beans, garbage the fish ate.
	He wasn't her father and he'd said it often enough, when he'd talked at 
all. Sometimes she still wondered if maybe he had been. When she'd first asked 
him how old she was, he'd said six, so she counted from that.
	She heard the door open behind her and turned; Prior was there, the gold 
plastic key tab in his hand, beard open to show the smile. "Mona," he said, 
stepping in, "this is Gerald." Tall, Chinese, gray suit, graying hair. Gerald 
smiled gently, edged in past Prior, and went straight for the drawer thing 
opposite the foot of the bed. Put a black case down and clicked it open. 
"Gerald's a friend. He's medical, Gerald. Needs to have a look at you."
	"Mona," Gerald said, removing something from the case, "how old are you?"
	"She's sixteen," Prior said. "Right, Mona?"
	"Sixteen," Gerald said. The thing in his hands was like a pair of black 
goggles, sunglasses with bumps and wires. "That's stretching it a little, isn't 
it?" He looked at Prior.
	Prior smiled.
	"You're short what, ten years?"
	"Not quite," Prior said. "We aren't asking for perfection."
	Gerald looked at her. "You aren't going to get it." He hooked the goggles 
over his ears and tapped something; a light came on below the right lens. "But 
there are degrees of approximation." The light swung toward her.
	"We're talking cosmetic, Gerald."
	"Where's Eddy?" she asked, as Gerald came closer.
	"In the bar. Shall I call him?" Prior picked up the phone, but put it back 
down without using it.
	"What is this?" Backing away from Gerald.
	"A medical examination," Gerald said. "Nothing painful." He had her 
against the window; above the towel, her shoulderblades pressed against cool 
glass. "Someone's about to employ you, and pay you very well; they need to be 
certain you're in good health." The light stabbed into her left eye. "She's on 
stimulants of some kind," he said to Prior, in a different tone of voice.
	"Try not to blink, Mona." The light swung to her right eye. "What is it, 
Mona? How much did you do?"
	"Wiz." Wincing away from the light.
	He caught her chin in his cool fingers and realigned her head. "How much?"
	"A crystal . . ."
	The light was gone. His smooth face was very close, the goggles studded 
with lenses, slots, little dishes of black metal mesh. "No way of judging the 
purity," he said.
	"It's real pure," she said, and giggled.
	He let her chin go and smiled. "It shouldn't be a problem," he said. 
"Could you open your mouth, please?"
	"Mouth?"
	"I want to look at your teeth."
	She looked at Prior.
	"You're in luck, here," Gerald said to Prior, when he'd used the little 
light to look in her mouth. "Fairly good condition and close to target 
configuration. Caps, inlays."
	"We knew we could count on you, Gerald."
	Gerald took the goggles off and looked at Prior. He returned to the black 
case and put the goggles away. "Lucky with the eyes, too. Very close. A tint 
job." He took a foil envelope from the case and tore it open, rolled the pale 
surgical glove down over his right hand. "Take off the towel, Mona. Make 
yourself comfortable."
	She looked at Prior, at Gerald. "You want to see my papers, the bloodwork 
and stuff?"
	"No," Gerald said, "that's fine."
	She looked out the window, hoping to see the bighorn, but it was gone, and 
the sky seemed a lot darker.
	She undid the towel, let it fall to the floor, then lay down on her back 
on the beige temperfoam.
	It wasn't all that different from what she got paid for; it didn't even 
take as long.

Sitting in the bathroom with the cosmetic kit open on her knees, grinding 
another crystal, she decided she had a right to be pissed off.
	First Eddy takes off without her, then Prior shows up with this creep 
medic, then he tells her Eddy's sleeping in a different room. Back in Florida 
she could've used some time off from Eddy, but up here was different. She didn't 
want to be in here by herself, and she'd been scared to ask Prior for a key. He  
fucking well had one, though, so he could walk in any time with his creep-ass 
friends. What kind of deal was that?
	And the business with the plastic raincoat, that burned her ass too. A 
disposable fucking plastic raincoat.
	She fluffed the powdered wiz between the nylon screens, carefully tapped 
it into the hitter, exhaled hard, put the mouthpiece to her lips, and hit. The 
cloud of yellow dust coated the membranes of her throat; some of it probably 
even made it to her lungs. She'd heard that was bad for you.
	She'd hadn't had any plan when she'd gone in the bathroom to take her hit, 
but as the back of her neck started tingling, she found herself thinking about 
the streets around the hotel, what she'd seen of them on their way in. There 
were clubs, bars, shops with clothes in the window. Music. Music would be okay, 
now, and a crowd. The way you could lose it in a crowd, forget yourself, just be 
there. The door wasn't locked, she knew that; she'd already tried it. It would 
lock behind her, though, and she didn't have a key. But she was staying here, so 
Prior must have registered her at the desk. She thought about going down and 
asking the woman behind the counter for a key, but the idea made her 
uncomfortable. She knew suits behind counters and how they looked at you. No, 
she decided, the best idea was to stay in and stim those new Angie's.
	Ten minutes later she was on her way out a side entrance off the main 
lobby, the wiz singing in her head.
	It was drizzling outside, maybe dome condensation. She'd worn the white 
raincoat for the lobby, figuring Prior knew what he was doing after all, but now 
she was glad she had it. She grabbed a fold of fax out of an overflowing bin and 
held it over her head to keep her hair dry. It wasn't as cold as before, which 
was another good thing. None of her new clothes were what you'd call warm.
	Looking up and down the avenue, deciding which way to go, she took in 
half-a-dozen nearly identical hotel fronts, a rank of pedicabs, the rainslick 
glitter of a row of small shops. And people, lots of them, like the Cleveland 
core but everybody dressed so sharp, and all moving like they were on top of it, 
everybody with someplace to go. Just go with it , she thought, the wiz giving 
her a sweet second boot that tripped her into the river of pretty people without 
even having to think about it. Clicking along in her new shoes, holding the fax 
over her head until she noticed -- more luck -- the rain had stopped.
	She wouldn't've minded a chance to check out the shop windows, when the 
crowd swept her past, but the flow was pleasure and nobody else was pausing. She 
contented herself with sidelong flashes of each display. The clothes were like 
clothes in a stim, some of them, styles she'd never seen anywhere.
	I should  've been here , she thought, I should   've  been here all 
along. Not on a catfish farm , not in Cleveland , not in Florida. It  's  a 
place , a real place , anybody can come here , you don 't have to get it through 
a stim . Thing was, she'd never seen this part of it in a stim, the regular 
people part. A star like Angie, this part wasn't her part. Angie'd be off in 
high castles with the other stim stars, not down here. But God it was pretty, 
the night so bright, the crowd surging around her, past all the good things you 
could have if you just got lucky.
	Eddy, he didn't like it. Anyway he'd always said how it was shitty here, 
too crowded, rent too high, too many police, too much competition. Not that he'd 
waited two seconds when Prior 'd made an offer, she reminded herself. And 
anyway, she had her own ideas why Eddy was so down on it. He'd blown it here, 
she figured, pulled some kind of serious wilson. Either he didn't want to be 
reminded or else there were people here who'd remind him for sure if he came 
back. It was there in the pissed-off way he talked about the place, same way 
he'd talk about anybody who told him his scams wouldn't work. The new buddy so 
goddamn smart the first night was just a stone wilson the next, dead stupid, no 
vision.
	Past a big store with ace-looking stim gear in the window, all of it matte 
black and skinny, presided over by this gorgeous holo of Angie, who watched them 
all slide by with her half-sad smile. Queen of the night, yeah.
	The crowd-river flowed out into a kind of circle, a place where four 
streets met and swung around a fountain. And because Mona really wasn't headed 
anywhere, she wound up there, because the people around her peeled off in their 
different directions without stopping. Well, there were people in the circle 
too, some of them sitting on the cracked concrete that edged the fountain. There 
was a statue in the center, marble, all worn-out and soft-edged. Kind of a baby 
riding a big fish, a dolphin. It looked like the dolphin's mouth would spray 
water if the fountain was working, but it wasn't. Past the heads of the seated 
people she could see crumpled, sodden fax and white foam cups in the water.
	Then it seemed like the crowd had melded behind her, a curved, sliding 
wall of bodies, and the three who faced her on the fountain rim jumped out like 
a picture. Fat girl with black-dyed hair, mouth half-open like it stayed that 
way, tits spilling out of a red rubber halter; blonde with a long face and a 
thin blue slash of lipstick, hand like a bird's claw sprouting a cigarette; man 
with his oiled arms bare to the cold, graft-job muscle knotted like rock under 
synthetic tan and bad jail tattoos . . .
	"Hey, bitch," cried the fat girl, with a kind of glee, "hope y'don't think 
y'gonna turn any 'roun' here!"
	The blonde looked at Mona with her tired eyes and gave her a wan grin, an 
it's-not-my-fault grin, and then looked away.
	The pimp came up off the fountain like something driven by springs, but 
Mona was already moving, cued by the blonde's expression. He had her arm, but 
the raincoat's plastic seam gave way and she elbowed her way back into the 
crowd. The wiz took over and the next thing she knew she was at least a block 
away, sagging against a steel pole, coughing and hyperventilating.
	But now the wiz was all turned around, the way it went sometimes, and 
everything was ugly. The faces in the crowd were driven and hungry-looking, like 
they all had their own private desperate errands to run, and the light from the 
shop windows was cold and mean, and all the things behind the glass were just 
there to tell her she couldn't have them. There was a voice somewhere, an angry 
child's voice stringing obscenities together in an endless, meaningless chain; 
when she realized who it was, she stopped doing it.
	Her left arm was cold. She looked down and saw that the sleeve was gone, 
the seam down her side torn open to the waist. She took off the coat and draped 
it over her shoulders like a cape; maybe that made it a little harder to notice.
	She braced her back against the pole as the wiz rolled over her on a wave 
of delayed adrenaline; her knees started to buckle and she thought she was going 
to faint, but then the wiz pulled one of its tricks and she was crouching in 
summer sunset light in the old man's dirt yard, the flaky gray earth scribed 
with the game she'd been playing, but now she was just hunched there, vacant, 
staring off past the bulks of the tanks to where fireflies pulsed in the 
blackberry tangle above a twisted old chassis. There was light behind her from 
the house and she could smell the cornbread baking and the coffee he boiled and 
reboiled there, till a spoon stood up in it, he said, and he'd be in there now 
reading one of his books, crumbly brown leaves, never a page with a corner on 
it, he got 'em in frayed plastic baggies and sometimes they just fell to dust in 
his hands, but if he found something he wanted to keep he'd get a little pocket 
copier out of the drawer, fit the batteries in it, run it down the page. She 
liked to watch the copies spool out all fresh, with their special smell that 
faded away, but he'd never let her work it. Sometimes he'd read out loud, a kind 
of hesitation in his voice, like a man trying to play an instrument he hasn't 
picked up in a long time. They weren't stories he read, not like they had 
endings or told a joke. They were like windows into something so strange; he 
never tried to explain any of it, probably didn't understand it himself, maybe 
nobody did. . . .
	Then the street snapped back hard and bright.
	She rubbed her eyes and coughed.



Antarctica Starts Here

"I'm ready now," Piper Hill said, eyes closed, seated on the carpet in a loose 
approximation of the lotus position. "Touch the spread with your left hand." 
Eight slender leads trailed from the sockets behind Piper's ears to the 
instrument that lay across her tanned thighs.
	Angie, wrapped in a white terry robe, faced the blond technician from the 
edge of the bed, the black test unit covering her forehead like a raised 
blindfold. She did as she was told, running the tips of her fingers lightly 
across the raw silk and unbleached linen of the rumpled bedspread.
	"Good," Piper said, more to herself than to Angie, touching something on 
the board. "Again." Angie felt the weave thicken beneath her fingertips.
	"Again." Another adjustment.
	She could distinguish the individual fibers now, know silk from linen. . . 
.
	"Again."
	Her nerves screamed as her flayed fingertips grated against steel wool, 
ground glass. . . .
	"Optimal," Piper said, opening blue eyes. She produced a tiny ivory vial 
from the sleeve of her kimono, removed its stopper, passed the vial to Angie.
	Closing her eyes, Angie sniffed cautiously. Nothing.
	"Again."
	Something floral. Violets?
	"Again."
	Her head flooded with a nauseating greenhouse reek.
	"Olfactory's up," Piper said, as the choking odor faded.
	"Haven't noticed." She opened her eyes. Piper was offering her a tiny 
round of white paper. "As long as it's not fish," Angie said, licking the tip of 
her finger. She touched the dot of paper, raised her finger to her tongue. One 
of Piper's tests had once put her off seafood for a month.
	"It's not fish," Piper said, smiling. She kept her hair short, a concise 
little helmet that played up the graphite gleam of the sockets inset behind 
either ear. Saint Joan in silicone, Porphyre said, and Piper's true passion 
seemed to be her work. She was Angie's personal technician, reputed to be the 
Net's best troubleshooter.
	Caramel . . .

"Who else is here, Piper?" Having completed the Usher, Piper was zipping her 
board into a fitted nylon case.
	Angie had heard a helicopter arrive an hour earlier; she'd heard laughter, 
footsteps on the deck, as the dream receded. She'd abandoned her usual attempt 
to inventory sleep -- if it could be called sleep, the other's memories washing 
in, filling her, then draining away to levels she couldn't reach, leaving these 
afterimages. . . .
	"Raebel," Piper said, "Lomas, Hickman, Ng, Porphyre, the Pope."
	"Robin?"
	"No."

"Continuity," she said, showering.
	"Good morning, Angie."
	"Freeside torus. Who owns it?"
	"The torus has been renamed Mustique II by the current joint owners, the 
Julianna Group and Carribbana Orbital."
	"Who owned it when Tally taped there?"
	"Tessier-Ashpool S.A."
	"I want to know more about Tessier-Ashpool."
	"Antarctica starts here ."
	She stared up through the steam at the white circle of the speaker. "What 
did you just say?"
	"Antarctica Starts Here  is a two-hour video study of the Tessier-Ashpool 
family by Hans Becker, Angie."
	"Do you have it?"
	"Of course. David Pope accessed it recently. He was quite impressed."
	"Really? How recently?"
	"Last Monday."
	"I'll see it tonight, then."
	"Done. Is that all?"
	"Yes."
	"Goodbye, Angie."
	David Pope. Her director. Porphyre said that Robin was telling people she 
heard voices. Had he told Pope? She touched a ceramic panel; the spray grew 
hotter. Why was Pope interested in Tessier-Ashpool? She touched the panel again 
and gasped under needles of suddenly frigid water.
	Inside out, outside in, the figures of that other landscape arriving soon, 
too soon . . .
	       

Porphyre was posed by the window when she entered the living room, a Masai 
warrior in shoulder-padded black silk crepe and black leather sarong. The others 
cheered when they saw her, and Porphyre turned and grinned.
	"Took us by surprise," Rick Raebel said, sprawled on the pale couch. He 
was effects and editing. "Hilton figured you'd want more of a break."
	"They pulled us in from all over , dear," Kelly Hickman added. "I was in 
Bremen, and the Pope was up the well in full art mode, weren't you, David?" He 
looked to the director for confirmation.
	Pope, who was straddling one of the Louis XVI chairs backward, his arms 
crossed along the top of its fragile back, smiled wearily, dark hair tangled 
above his thin face. When Angie's schedule allowed for it, Pope made 
documentaries for Net/Knowledge. Shortly after she'd signed with the Net, Angie 
participated anonymously in one of Pope's minimalist art pieces, an endless 
stroll across dunes of soiled pink satin, under a tooled steel sky. Three months 
later, the arc of her career firmly under way, an unlicensed version of the tape 
became an underground classic.
	Karen Lomas, who did Angie's in-fills, smiled from the chair left of Pope. 
To his right, Kelly Hickman, wardrobe, sat on the bleached floor beside Brian 
Ng, Piper's gofer-cum-understudy.
	"Well," Angie said, "I'm back. I'm sorry to have hung all of you up, but 
it had to be done."
	There was a silence. Minute creaks from the gilt chairs. Brian Ng coughed.
	"We're just glad you're back," Piper said, coming in from the kitchen with 
a cup of coffee in either hand.
	They cheered again, somewhat self-consciously this time, then laughed.
	"Where's Robin?" Angie asked.
	"Mistuh  Lanier in London," Porphyre said, hands on his leather-wrapped 
hips.
	"Expected hourly," Pope said dryly, getting up and accepting a coffee from 
Piper.
	"What were you doing in orbit, David?" Angie asked, taking the other cup.
	"Hunting solitaries."
	"Solitude?"
	"Solitaries. Hermits."
	"Angie," Hickman said, springing up, "you have to see this satin cocktail 
number Devicq sent last week! And I've got all of Nakamura's swimwear. . . ."
	"Yes, Kelly, but --"
	But Pope had already turned to say something to Raebel.
	"Hey," Hickman said, beaming with enthusiasm, "come on! Let's try it on!  
"

Pope spent most of the day with Piper, Karen Lomas, and Raebel, discussing the 
results of the Usher and the endless minor details of what they referred to as 
Angie's reinsertion . After lunch, Brian Ng went along with her to her physical, 
which was conducted in a private clinic in a mirror-clad compound on Beverly 
Boulevard.
	During the very brief wait in the white, plant-filled reception area -- 
surely a matter of ritual, as though a medical appointment that involved no wait 
might seem incomplete, inauthentic -- Angie found herself wondering, as she'd 
wondered many times before, why her father's mysterious legacy, the v  he'd 
drawn in her head, had never been detected by this or any other clinic.
	Her father, Christopher Mitchell, had headed the hybridoma project that 
had allowed Maas Biolabs a virtual monopoly in the early manufacture of 
biochips. Turner, the man who had taken her to New York, had given her a kind of 
dossier on her father, a biosoft compiled by a Maas security AI. She'd accessed 
the dossier four times in as many years; finally, one very drunken night in 
Greece, she'd flung the thing from the deck of an Irish industrialist's yacht 
after a shouting match with Bobby. She no longer recalled the cause of the 
fight, but she did remember the mingled sense of loss and relief as the squat 
little nub of memory struck the water.
	Perhaps her father had designed his handiwork so that it was somehow 
invisible to the scans of the neuro- technicians. Bobby had his own theory, one 
she had suspected was closer to the truth. Perhaps Legba, the loa Beauvoir 
credited with almost infinite access to the cyberspace matrix, could alter the 
flow of data as it was obtained by the scanners, rendering the v  
transparent. . . . Legba, after all, had orchestrated her debut in the industry 
and the subsequent rise that had seen her eclipse Tally Isham's fifteen-year 
career as Net megastar.
	But it had been so long since the loa had ridden her, and now, Brigitte 
had said, the v  had been redrawn. . . .
	"Hilton had Continuity front a head for you today," Ng told her, as she 
waited.
	"Oh?"
	"Public statement on your decision to go to Jamaica, praise for the 
methods of the clinic, the dangers of drugs, renewed enthusiasm for your work, 
gratitude to your audience, stock footage of the Malibu place . . ."
	Continuity could generate video images of Angie, animate them with 
templates compiled from her stims. Viewing them induced a mild but not 
unpleasant vertigo, one of the rare times she was able to directly grasp the 
fact of her fame.
	A chime sounded, beyond the greenery.

Returning from the city, she found caterers preparing for a barbecue on the 
deck.
	She lay on the couch beneath the Valmier and listened to the surf. From 
the kitchen, she could hear Piper explaining the results of the physical to 
Pope. There was no need, really -- she'd been given the cleanest possible bill 
of health -- but both Pope and Piper were fond of detail.
	When Piper and Raebel put on sweaters and went out onto the deck, where 
they stood warming their hands above the coals, Angie found herself alone in the 
living room with the director.
	"You were about to tell me, David, what you were doing up the well. . . ."
	"Looking for serious loners." He ran a hand back across his tangled hair. 
"It grows out of something I wanted to do last year, with intentional 
communities in Africa. Trouble was, when I got up there, I learned that anyone 
who goes that far, who'll actually live alone in orbit, is generally determined 
to stay that way."
	"You were taping, yourself? Interviews?"
	"No. I wanted to find people like that and talk them into recording 
segments themselves."
	"Did you?"
	"No. I heard stories, though. Some great stories. A tug pilot claimed 
there were feral children living in a mothballed Japanese drug factory. There's 
a whole new apocrypha out there, really -- ghost ships, lost cities. . . . 
There's a pathos to it, when you think about it. I mean, every bit of it's 
locked into orbit. All of it manmade, known, owned, mapped. Like watching myths 
take root in a parking lot. But I suppose people need that, don't they?"
	"Yes," she said, thinking of Legba, of Mamman Brigitte, the thousand 
candles. . . .
	"I wish, though," he said, "that I could've gotten through to Lady Jane. 
Such an amazing story. Pure gothic."
	"Lady Jane?"
	"Tessier-Ashpool. Her family built Freeside torus. High- orbit pioneers. 
Continuity has a marvelous video. . . . They say she killed her father. She's 
the last of the line. Money ran out years ago. She sold everything, had her 
place sawn off the tip of the spindle and towed out to a new orbit. . . ."
	She sat up on the couch, her knees together, fingers locked across them. 
Sweat trickled down across her ribs.
	"You don't know the story?"
	"No," she said.
	"That's interesting in itself, because it shows you how adept they were at 
obscurity. They used their money to keep themselves out of the news. The mother 
was Tessier, the father Ashpool. They built Freeside when there was nothing else 
like it. Got fantastically rich in the process. Probably running a very close 
second to Josef Virek when Ashpool died. And of course they'd gotten wonderfully 
weird in the meantime, had taken to cloning their children wholesale. . . ."
	"It sounds . . . terrible. And you tried, you did try to find her?"
	"Well, I made inquiries. Continuity had gotten me this Becker video, and 
of course her orbit's in the book, but it's no good dropping by if you haven't 
been invited, is it? And then Hilton buzzed me to get back here and back to 
work. . . . Aren't you feeling well?"
	"Yes, I . . . I think I'll change now, put on something warmer."

After they'd eaten, when coffee was being served, she excused herself and said 
goodnight.
	Porphyre followed her to the base of the stairs. He'd stayed near her 
during the meal, as though he sensed her new unease. No, she thought, not new; 
the old, the always, the now and ever was. All the things the drug had fenced 
away.
	"Missy, take care," he said, too quietly for the others to hear.
	"I'm fine," she said. "Too many people. I'm still not used to it."
	He stood there looking up at her, the glow of dying coals behind his 
elegantly crafted, subtly inhuman skull, until she turned and climbed the 
stairs.

She heard the helicopter come for them an hour later.
	"House," she said, "I'll see the video from Continuity now."
	As the wallscreen slid down into place, she opened the bedroom door and 
stood for a moment at the top of the stairs, listening to the sounds of the 
empty house. Surf, the hum of the dishwasher, wind buffeting the windows that 
faced the deck.
	She turned back to the screen and shivered at the face she saw there in a 
grainy freeze-frame headshot, avian eyebrows arched above dark eyes, high 
fragile cheekbones, and a wide, determined mouth. The image expanded steadily, 
into the darkness of an eye, black screen, a white point, growing, lengthening, 
becoming the tapered spindle of Freeside. Credits began to flash in German.
	"Hans Becker," the house began, reciting the Net library's intro-critique, 
"is an Austrian video artist whose hallmark is an obsessive interrogation of 
rigidly delimited fields of visual information. His approaches range from 
classical montage to techniques borrowed from industrial espionage, deep-space 
imaging, and kino-archaeology. Antarctica Starts Here , his examination of 
images of the Tessier-Ashpool family, currently stands as the high point of his 
career. The pathologically media-shy industrial clan, operating from the total 
privacy of their orbital home, posed a remarkable challenge."
	The white of the spindle filled the screen as the final credit vanished. 
An image tracked to center screen, snapshot of a young woman in loose dark 
clothes, background indistinct. MARIE-FRANCE TESSIER, MOROCCO.
	This wasn't the face in the opening shot, the face of invading memory, yet 
it seemed to promise it, as though a larval image lay beneath the surface.
	The soundtrack wove atonal filaments through strata of static and 
indistinct voices as the image of Marie-France was replaced by a formal 
monochrome portrait of a young man in a starched wing collar. It was a handsome 
face, finely proportioned, but very hard somehow, and in the eyes a look of 
infinite boredom. JOHN HARNESS ASHPOOL, OXFORD.
	Yes , she thought, and I  've met you many times . I know your story 
,though I  'm not allowed to touch it .
	But I really don 't think I like you at all , do I , Mr. Ashpool?



Catwalk

The catwalk groaned and swayed. The stretcher was too wide for the walk's 
handrails, so they had to keep it chest-high as they inched across, Gentry at 
the front with his gloved hands clamped around the rails on either side of the 
sleeper's feet. Slick had the heavy end, the head, with the batteries and all 
that gear; he could feel Cherry creeping along behind him. He wanted to tell her 
to get back, that they didn't need her weight on the walk, but somehow he 
couldn't.
	Giving Gentry Kid Afrika's bag of drugs had been a mistake. He didn't know 
what was in the derm Gentry'd done; he didn't know what had been in Gentry's 
bloodstream to begin with. Whatever, Gentry'd gone bare-wires crazy and now they 
were out here on the fucking catwalk, twenty meters over Factory's concrete 
floor, and Slick was ready to weep with frustration, to scream; he wanted to 
smash something, anything, but he couldn't let go of the stretcher.
	And Gentry's smile , lit up by the glow of the bio-readout taped to the 
foot of the stretcher, as Gentry took another step backward across the catwalk . 
. .
	"O man," Cherry said, her voice like a little girl's, "this is just 
seriously fucked . . . ."
	Gentry gave the stretcher a sudden impatient tug and Slick almost lost his 
grip.

"Gentry," Slick said, "I think you better think twice about this."
	Gentry had removed his gloves. He held a pair of optic jumpers in either 
hand, and Slick could see the splitter fittings trembling.
	"I mean Kid Afrika's heavy, Gentry. You don't know what you're messing 
with, you mess with him." This was not, strictly speaking, true, the Kid being, 
as far as Slick knew, too smart to value revenge. But who the hell knew what 
Gentry was about to mess with anyway?
	"I'm not messing  with anything," Gentry said, approaching the stretcher 
with the jumpers.
	"Listen, buddy," Cherry said, "you interrupt his input, you maybe kill 
'im; his autonomic nervous system'll go tits-up. Why don't you just stop him?" 
she asked Slick. "Why don't you just knock him on his ass?"
	Slick rubbed his eyes. "Because . . . I dunno. Because he's . . . Look, 
Gentry, she's saying it'll maybe kill the poor bastard, you try to tap in. You 
hear that?"
	" 'LF,' " Gentry said, "I heard that ." He put the jumpers between his 
teeth and began to fiddle with one of the connections on the featureless slab 
above the sleeper's head. His hands had stopped shaking.
	"Shit," Cherry said, and gnawed at a knuckle. The connection came away in 
Gentry's hand. He whipped a jumper into place with his other hand and began to 
tighten the connection. He smiled around the remaining jumper. "Fuck this," 
Cherry said, "I'm outa here," but she didn't move.
	The man on the stretcher grunted, once, softly. The sound made the hairs 
stand up on Slick's arms.
	The second connection came loose. Gentry inserted the other splitter and 
began to retighten the fitting.
	Cherry went quickly to the foot of the stretcher, knelt to check the 
readout. "He felt it," she said, looking up at Gentry, "but his signs look okay. 
. . ."
	Gentry turned to his consoles. Slick watched as he jacked the jumpers into 
position. Maybe, he thought, it was going to work out; Gentry would crash soon, 
and they'd have to leave the stretcher up here until he could get Little Bird 
and Cherry to help him get it back across the catwalk. But Gentry was just so 
crazy, probably he should try to get the drugs back, or some of them anyway, get 
things back to normal. . . .
	"I can only believe," Gentry said, "that this was predetermined. 
Prefigured by the form of my previous work. I wouldn't pretend to understand how 
that might be, but ours is not to question why, is it, Slick Henry?" He tapped 
out a sequence on one of his keyboards. "Have you ever considered the 
relationship of clinical paranoia to the phenomenon of religious conversion?"
	"What's he talking about?" Cherry asked.
	Slick glumly shook his head. If he said anything, it would only encourage 
Gentry's craziness.
	Now Gentry went to the big display unit, the projection table. "There are 
worlds within worlds," he said. "Macrocosm, microcosm. We carried an entire 
universe across a bridge tonight, and that which is above is like that below. . 
. . It was obvious, of course, that such things must exist, but I'd not dared to 
hope. . ." He glanced coyly back at them over a black-beaded shoulder. "And 
now," he said, "we'll see the shape of the little universe our guest's gone 
voyaging in. And in that form, Slick Henry, I'll see . . ."
	He touched the power stud at the edge of the holo table. And screamed.



Toys

"Here's a lovely thing," Petal said, touching a rosewood cube the size of 
Kumiko's head. "Battle of Britain." Light shimmered above it, and when Kumiko 
leaned forward she saw that tiny aircraft looped and dived in slow motion above 
a gray Petrie smear of London. "They worked it up from war films," he said, 
"gunsight cameras." She peered in at almost microscopic flashes of antiaircraft 
fire from the Thames estuary. "Did it for the Centenary."
	They were in Swain's billiard room, ground-floor rear, number 16. There 
was a faint mustiness, an echo of pub smell. The overall tidiness of Swain's 
establishment was tempered here by genteel dilapidation: there were armchairs 
covered in scuffed leather, pieces of heavy dark furniture, the dull green field 
of the billiard table. . . . The black steel racks stacked with entertainment 
gear had caused Petal to bring her here, before tea, shuffling along in his 
seam-sprung moleskin slippers, to demonstrate available toys.
	"Which war was this?"
	"Last but one," he said, moving on to a similar but larger unit that 
offered holograms of two Thai boxing girls. One's callused sole smacked against 
the other's lean brown belly, tensed to take the blow. He touched a stud and the 
projections vanished.
	Kumiko glanced back at the Battle of Britain and its burning gnats.
	"All sorts of sporting fiche," Petal said, opening a fitted pig-skin case 
that held hundreds of the recordings.
	He demonstrated half-a-dozen other pieces of equipment, then scratched his 
stubbled head while he searched for a Japanese video news channel. He found it, 
finally, but couldn't cut out the automatic translation program. He watched with 
her as a cadre of Ono-Sendai executive trainees effaced themselves in a tearful 
graduation ceremony. "What's all that then?" he asked.
	"They are demonstrating loyalty to their zaibatsu . "
	"Right," he said. He gave the video unit a swipe with his feather duster. 
"Tea time soon." He left the room. Kumiko shut off the audio. Sally Shears had 
been absent at breakfast, as had Swain.
	Moss-green curtains concealed another set of tall windows opening onto the 
same garden. She looked out at a sundial sheathed in snow, then let the curtain 
fall back. (The silent wallscreen flashed Tokyo accident images, foil-clad 
medics sawing limp victims from a tangle of impacted steel.) A top-heavy 
Victorian cabinet stood against the far wall on carved feet resembling 
pineapples. The keyhole, trimmed with an inlaid diamond of yellowed ivory, was 
empty, and when she tried the doors, they opened, exhaling a chemical odor of 
ancient polish. She stared at the black and white mandala at the rear of the 
cabinet until it became what it was, a dartboard. The glossy wood behind it was 
pocked and pricked; some players had missed the board entirely, she decided. The 
lower half of the cabinet offered a number of drawers, each with a small brass 
pull and miniature, ivory-trimmed keyhole. She knelt in front of these, glanced 
back toward the doorway (wallscreen showing the lips of a Shinjuku cabaret 
singer) and drew the upper right drawer out as quietly as possible. It was 
filled with darts, loose and in leather wallets. She closed the drawer and 
opened the one to its left. A dead moth and a rusted screw. There was a single 
wide drawer below the first two; it stuck as she opened it, and made a sound. 
She looked back again (stock footage of Fuji Electric's logo illuminating Tokyo 
Bay) but there was no sign of Petal.
	She spent several minutes leafing through a pornographic magazine, with 
Japanese text, which seemed to have mainly to do with the art of knots. Under 
this was a dusty-looking jacket made of black waxed cotton, and a gray plastic 
case with WALTHER molded across its lid in raised letters. The pistol itself was 
cold and heavy; she could see her face in the blue metal when she lifted it from 
its fitted bed of foam. She'd never handled a gun before. The gray plastic grips 
seemed enormous. She put it back into the case and scanned the Japanese section 
in a folder of multilingual instructions. It was an air gun; you pumped the 
lever below the barrel. It fired very small pellets of lead. Another toy. She 
replaced the contents of the drawer and closed it.
	The remaining drawers were empty. She closed the cabinet door and returned 
to the Battle of Britain.

"No," Petal said, "sorry, but it won't do."
	He was spreading Devon cream on a crumpet, the heavy Victorian butterknife 
like a child's toy in his thick fingers. "Try the cream," he said, lowering his 
massive head and regarding her blandly over the tops of his glasses.
	Kumiko wiped a shred of marmalade from her upper lip with a linen napkin. 
"Do you imagine I'll try to run away?"
	"Run away? Are you considering that, running away?" He ate his crumpet, 
chewing stolidly, and glanced out into the garden, where fresh snow was falling.
	"No," she said. "I have no intention of running away."
	"Good," he said, and took another bite.
	"Am I in danger, in the street?"
	"Lord no," he said, with a sort of determined cheeriness, "you're safe as 
houses."
	"I want to go out."
	"No."
	"But I go out with Sally."
	"Yes," he said, "and she's a nasty piece of work, your Sally."
	"I don't know this idiom."
	"No going out alone. That's in our brief with your father, understand? 
You're fine out with Sally, but she isn't here. Nobody's liable to give you 
bother in any case, but why take chances? Now I'd be happy, you see, delighted 
to take you out, only I'm on duty here in case Swain has callers. So I can't. 
It's a shame, really it is." He looked so genuinely unhappy that she considered 
relenting. "Toast you another?" he asked, gesturing toward her plate.
	"No, thank you." She put down her napkin. "It was very good," she added.
	"Next time you should try the cream," he said. "Couldn't get it after the 
war. Rain blew in from Germany and the cows weren't right."
	"Is Swain here now, Petal?"
	"No."
	"I never see him."
	"Out and about. Business. There's cycles to it. Soon enough they'll all be 
calling here, and he'll be holding court again."
	"Who, Petal?"
	"Business types, you'd say."
	"Kuromaku ," she said.
	"Sorry?"
	"Nothing," she said.

She spent the afternoon alone in the billiard room, curled in a leather 
armchair, watching snow fall in the garden and the sundial become a featureless 
white upright. She pictured her mother there, wrapped in dark furs, alone in the 
garden as the snow fell, a princess-ballerina who drowned herself in the night 
waters of Sumida.
	She stood up, chilled, and went around the billiard table to the marble 
hearth, where gasflame hissed softly beneath coals that could never be consumed.



The Silver Walks

She'd had this friend in Cleveland, Lanette, who'd taught her lots of things. 
How to get out of a car fast if a trick tried to lock the doors on you, how to 
act when you went to make a buy. Lanette was a little older and mainly used wiz, 
she said, "to move the down around," being frequently downed out on anything 
from endorphin analogs to plain old Tennessee opium. Otherwise, she said, she'd 
just sit there twelve hours in front of the vid watching any kind of shit at 
all. When the wiz added mobility to the warm invulnerability of a good down, she 
said, you really had something. But Mona had noticed that people who were 
seriously into downs spent a lot of time throwing up, and she couldn't see why 
anybody would watch a vid when they could stim just as easy. (Lanette said 
simstim was just more of what she wanted out of.)
	She had Lanette on her mind because Lanette used to give her advice 
sometimes, like how to turn a bad night around. Tonight, she thought, Lanette 
would tell her to look for a bar and some company. She still had some money left 
from her last night's work in Florida, so it was a matter of finding a place 
that took cash.
	She hit it right, first try. A good sign. Down a narrow flight of concrete 
stairs and into a smoky buzz of conversation and the familiar, muted thump of 
Shabu's "White Diamonds." No place for suits, but it wasn't what the pimps in 
Cleveland called a spot , either. She was no way interested in drinking in any 
spot, not tonight.
	Somebody got up from the bar to leave just as she came in, so she nipped 
over quick and got his stool with the plastic still warm, her second sign.
	The bartender pursed his lips and nodded when she showed him one of her 
bills, so she told him to get her a shot of bourbon and a beer on the side, 
which was what Eddy always got if he was paying for it himself. If somebody else 
was paying, he'd order mixed drinks the bartender didn't know how to make, then 
spend a long time explaining exactly how you made the thing. Then he'd drink it 
and bitch about how it wasn't as good as the ones they made in L.A. or Singapore 
or some other place she knew he'd never been.
	The bourbon here was weird, sort of sour but real good once you got it 
down. She said that to the bartender, who asked her where she usually drank 
bourbon. She told him Cleveland and he nodded. That was eth and some shit 
supposed to remind you of bourbon, he said. When he told her how much of her 
money was left, she figured out this Sprawl bourbon was expensive stuff. It was 
doing its job, though, taking the bad edge off, so she drank the rest and 
started in on her beer.
	Lanette liked bars but she never drank, just Coke or something. Mona 
always remembered one day she'd done two crystals at the same time, what Lanette 
called a two-rock hit, and she'd heard this voice in her skull say, just as 
clear as that, like it was somebody right in the room: It   's moving so fast , 
it   's  standing still . And Lanette, who'd dissolved a matchhead of Memphis 
black in a cup of Chinese tea about an hour before, did half a crystal herself 
and then they'd gone out walking, just ghosting the rainy streets together in 
what felt to Mona like some perfect harmony where you didn't need to talk. And 
that voice had been right, there was no jangle to the rush, no tight-jawed 
jitter, just this sense of something, maybe Mona herself, expanding out from a 
still center. And they'd found a park, flat lawns flooded with silver puddles, 
and gone all around the paths, and Mona had a name for that memory: the Silver 
Walks.
	And sometime after that Lanette was just gone, nobody saw her anymore, and 
some people said she'd gone to California, some people said Japan, and some 
people said she'd OD'd and gotten tossed out a window, what Eddy called a dry 
dive, but that wasn't the kind of thing Mona wanted to think about, so she sat 
up straight and looked around, and, yeah, this was a good place, small enough 
that people were kind of crowded in but sometimes that was okay. It was what 
Eddy called an art crowd, people who had some money and dressed sort of like 
they didn't, except their clothes fit right and you knew they'd bought them new.
	There was a vid behind the bar, up over the bottles, and then she saw 
Angie there, looking square into the camera and saying something, but they had 
the sound down too low to hear over the crowd. Then there was a shot from up in 
the air, looking down on a row of houses that sat right at the edge of a beach, 
and then Angie was back, laughing and shaking her hair and giving the camera 
that half-sad grin.
	"Hey," she said to the bartender, "there's Angie."
	"Who?"
	"Angie," Mona said, pointing up at the screen.
	"Yeah," he said, "she's on some designer shit and decides to kick, so she 
goes to South America or somewhere and pays 'em a few mil to clean her act up 
for her."
	"She can't be on shit."
	The bartender looked at her. "Whatever."
	"But how come she'd even start doing anything? I mean, she's Angie , 
right?"
	"Goes with the territory."
	"But look at her," she protested, "she looks so good. . . ." But Angie was 
gone, replaced by a black tennis player.
	"You think that's her? That's a talking head."
	"Head?"
	"Like a puppet," a voice behind her said, and she swung around far enough 
to see a ruff of sandy hair and a loose white grin. "Puppet," and held up his 
hand, wiggling thumb and fingers, "you know?"
	She felt the bartender drop the exchange, moving off down the bar. The 
white grin widened. "So she doesn't have to do all that stuff herself, right?"
	She smiled back. Cute one, smart eyes and a secret halo flashing her just 
the signal she wanted to read. No suit trick. Kinda skinny, she could like that 
tonight, and the loose look of fun around his mouth set strange against the 
bright smart eyes.
	"Michael."
	"Huh?"
	"My name. Michael."
	"Oh. Mona. I'm Mona."
	"Where you from, Mona?"
	"Florida."
	And wouldn't Lanette just tell her go for it?
	       
Eddy hated art-crowd people; they weren't buying what he was selling. He'd have 
hated Michael more, because Michael had a job and this loft in a co-op building. 
Or anyway he said it was a loft, but when they got there it was smaller than 
Mona thought a loft was supposed to be. The building was old, a factory or 
something; some of the walls were sandblasted brick and the ceilings were wood 
and timbers. But all of it had been chopped up into places like Michael's, a 
room not much bigger than the one back at the hotel, with a sleeping space off 
one side and a kitchen and bath off the other. It was on the top floor, though, 
so the ceiling was mostly skylight; maybe that made it a loft. There was a 
horizontal red paper shade below the skylight, hooked up to strings and pulleys, 
like a big kite. The place was kind of messy but the stuff that was scattered 
around was all new: some skinny white wire chairs strung with loops of clear 
plastic to sit on, a stack of entertainment modules, a work station, and a 
silver leather couch.
	They started out on the couch but she didn't like the way her skin stuck 
to it, so they moved over to the bed, back in its alcove.
	That was when she saw the recording gear, stim stuff, on white shelves on 
the wall. But the wiz had kicked in again, and anyway, if you've decided to go 
for it, you might as well. He got her into the pickup, a black rubber collar 
with trode-tipped fingers pressing the base of her skull. Wireless; she knew 
that was expensive.
	While he was getting his own set on and checking the gear on the walls, he 
talked about his job, how he worked for a company in Memphis that thought up new 
names for companies. Right now he was trying to think of one for a company 
called Cathode Cathay. They need it bad, he said, and laughed, but then he said 
it wasn't easy. Because there were so many companies already that the good names 
had been used up. He had a computer that knew all the names of all the 
companies, and another one that made up words you could use for names, and 
another one that checked if the made-up words meant "dickhead" or something in 
Chinese or Swedish. But the company he worked for didn't just sell names, they 
sold what he called image, so he had to work with a bunch of other people to 
make sure the name he came up with fit the rest of the package.
	Then he got into bed with her and it wasn't really great, like the fun was 
gone and she might as well have been with a trick, how she just lay there 
thinking he was recording it all so he could play it back when he wanted, and 
how many others did he have in there anyway?
	So she lay there beside him, afterward, listening to him breathe, until 
the wiz started turning tight little circles down on the floor of her skull, 
flipping her the same sequence of unconnected images over and over: the plastic 
bag she'd kept her things in down in Florida, with its twist of wire to keep the 
bugs out -- the old man sitting at the chipboard table, peeling a potato with a 
butcher knife worn down to a nub about as long as her thumb -- a krill place in 
Cleveland that was shaped like a shrimp or something, the plates of its arched 
back bent from sheet metal and clear plastic, painted pink and orange -- the 
preacher she'd seen when she'd gone to get her new clothes, him and his pale, 
fuzzy Jesus. Each time the preacher came around, he was about to say something, 
but he never did. She knew it wouldn't stop unless she got up and got her mind 
onto something else. She crawled off the bed and stood there looking at Michael 
in the gray glow from the skylight. Rapture. Rapture 's coming .      
	So she went out into the room and pulled her dress on because she was 
cold. She sat on the silver couch. The red shade turned the gray of the skylight 
pink, as it got lighter outside. She wondered what a place like this cost.
	Now that she couldn't see him, she had trouble remembering what he looked 
like. Well , she thought, he won 't have any trouble remembering me , but 
thinking that made her feel hit or hurt or jerked around, like she wished she'd 
stayed at the hotel and stimmed Angie.
	The gray-pink light was filling up the room, pooling, starting to curdle 
at the edges. Something about it reminded her of Lanette and the stories that 
she'd OD'd. Sometimes people OD'd in other people's places, and the easiest 
thing was just to toss them out the window, so the cops couldn't tell where they 
came from.
	But she wasn't going to think about that, so she went into the kitchen and 
looked through the fridge and the cabinets. There was a bag of coffee beans in 
the freezer, but coffee gave you the shakes on wiz. There were a lot of little 
foil packets with Japanese labels, freeze-dried stuff. She found a package of 
teabags and tore the seal from one of the bottles of water in the fridge. She 
put some of the water in a pan and fiddled with the cooker until she got it to 
heat up. The elements were white circles printed on the black countertop; you 
put the pan in the center of a circle and touched a red dot printed beside it. 
When the water was hot, she tossed one of the teabags in and moved the pan off 
the element.
	She leaned over the pan, inhaling herb-scented steam.
	She never forgot how Eddy looked, when he wasn't around. Maybe he wasn't 
much, but whatever he was, he was there. You have to have one face around that 
doesn't change. But thinking about Eddy now maybe wasn't such a good idea 
either. Pretty soon the crash would come on, and before then she'd have to 
figure out a way to get back to the hotel, and suddenly it seemed like 
everything was too complicated, too many things to do, angles to figure, and 
that was  the crash, when you had to start worrying about putting the day side 
together again.
	She didn't think Prior was going to let Eddy hit her, though, because 
whatever he wanted had something to do with her looks. She turned around to get 
a cup.
	Prior was there in a black coat. She heard her throat make a weird little 
noise all by itself.
	She'd seen things before, crashing on wiz; if you looked at them hard 
enough, they went away. She tried it on Prior but it didn't work.
	He just stood there, with a kind of plastic gun in his hand, not pointing 
it at her, just holding it. He was wearing gloves like the ones Gerald had worn 
for the examination. He didn't look mad but for once he wasn't smiling. And for 
a long time he didn't say anything at all, and Mona didn't either.
	"Who's here?" Like you'd ask at a party.
	"Michael."
	"Where?"
	She pointed toward the sleeping space.
	"Get your shoes."
	She walked past him, out of the kitchen, bending automatically to hook her 
underwear up from the carpet. Her shoes were by the couch.
	He followed and watched her put on her shoes. He still had the gun in his 
hand. With his other hand, he took Michael's leather jacket from the back of the 
couch and tossed it to her. "Put it on," he said. She did, and tucked her 
underwear into one of its pockets.
	He picked up the torn white raincoat, wadded it into a ball, and put it 
into his coat pocket.
	Michael was snoring. Maybe he'd wake up soon and play it all back. With 
the gear he had, he didn't really need anybody there.
	In the corridor, she watched Prior relock the door with a gray box. The 
gun was gone, but she hadn't seen him put it away. The box had a length of red 
flex sticking out of it with an ordinary-looking magnetic key on the end.
	Out in the street was cold. He took her down the block and opened the door 
of a little white three-wheeler. She got in. He got in the driver's side and 
peeled off the gloves. He started the car; she watched a blowing cloud reflected 
in the copper-mirrored side of a business tower.
	"He'll think I stole it," she said, looking down at the jacket.
	Then the wiz flashed a final card, ragged cascade of neurons across her 
synapses: Cleveland in the rain and a good feeling she had once, walking.
	Silver.



Filament in Strata

I  'm your ideal audience , Hans --  as the recording began for the second time. 
How could you have a more attentive viewer? And you did capture her , Hans: I 
know , because I dream her memories. I see how close you came.

Yes, you captured them. The journey out, the building of walls, the long spiral 
in. They were about walls, weren't they? The labyrinth of blood, of family. The 
maze hung against the void, saying, We are that within , that without is other , 
here forever shall we dwell . And the darkness was there from the beginning. . . 
. You found it repeatedly in the eyes of Marie-France, pinned it in a slow zoom 
against the shadowed orbits of the skull. Early on she ceased to allow her image 
to be recorded. You worked with what you had. You justified her image, rotated 
her through planes of light, planes of shadow, generated models, mapped her 
skull in grids of neon. You used special programs to age her images according to 
statistical models, animation systems to bring your mature Marie-France to life. 
You reduced her image to a vast but finite number of points and stirred them, 
let new forms emerge, chose those that seemed to speak to you. . . . And then 
you went on to the others, to Ashpool and the daughter whose face frames your 
work, its first and final image.

The second viewing solidified their history for her, allowed her to slot 
Becker's shards along a time line that began with the marriage of Tessier and 
Ashpool, a union commented upon, in its day, primarily in the media of corporate 
finance. Each was heir to a more than modest empire, Tessier to a family fortune 
founded on nine basic patents in applied biochemistry and Ashpool to the great 
Melbourne-based engineering firm that bore his father's name. It was marriage as 
merger, to the journalists, though the resulting corporate entity was viewed by 
most as ungainly, a chimera with two wildly dissimilar heads.
	But it was possible, then, in photographs of Ashpool, to see the boredom 
vanish, and in its place a complete surety of purpose. The effect was 
unflattering -- indeed, frightening: the hard, beautiful face grew harder still, 
merciless in its intent.
	Within a year of his marriage to Marie-France Tessier, Ashpool had 
divested himself of 90 percent of his firm's holdings, reinvesting in orbital 
properties and shuttle utilities, and the fruit of the living union, two 
children, brother and sister, were being brought to term by surrogates in their 
mother's Biarritz villa.
	Tessier-Ashpool ascended to high orbit's archipelago to find the ecliptic 
sparsely marked with military stations and the first automated factories of the 
cartels. And here they began to build. Their combined wealth, initially, would 
barely have matched Ono-Sendai's outlay for a single process-module of that 
multinational's
orbital semiconductor operation, but Marie-France demonstrated an unexpected 
entrepreneurial flare, establishing a highly profitable data haven serving the 
needs of less reputable sectors of the international banking community. This in 
turn generated links with the banks themselves, and with their clients. Ashpool 
borrowed heavily and the wall of lunar concrete that would be Freeside grew and 
curved, enclosing its creators.
	When war came, Tessier-Ashpool were behind that wall. They watched Bonn 
flash and die, and Beograd. The construction of the spindle continued with only 
minor interruptions, during those three weeks; later, during the stunned and 
chaotic decade that followed, it would sometimes be more difficult.
	The children, Jean and Jane, were with them now, the villa at Biarritz 
having gone to finance construction of a cryogenic storage facility for their 
home, the Villa Straylight. The first occupants of the vault were ten pairs of 
cloned embryos, 2Jean and 2Jane, 3Jean and 3Jane. . . . There were numerous laws 
forbidding or otherwise governing the artificial replication of an individual's 
genetic material, but there were also numerous questions of jurisdiction. . . .

She halted the replay and asked the house to return to the previous sequence. 
Photographs of another cryogenic storage unit built by the Swiss manufacturers 
of the Tessier-Ashpool vault. Becker's assumption of similarity had been 
correct, she knew: these circular doors of black glass, trimmed with chrome, 
were central images in the other's memory, potent and totemic.
	The images ran forward again, into zero-gravity construction of structures 
on the spindle's inner surface, installation of a Lado-Acheson solar energy 
system, the establishment of atmosphere and rotational gravity. . . . Becker had 
found himself with an embarrassment of riches, hours of glossy documentation. 
His response was a savage, stuttering montage that sheared away the superficial 
lyricism of the original material, isolating the tense, exhausted faces of 
individual workers amid a hivelike frenzy of machinery. Freeside greened and 
bloomed in a fast-forward flutter of recorded dawns and synthetic sunsets; a 
lush, sealed land, jeweled with turquoise pools. Tessier and Ashpool emerged for 
the opening ceremonies, out of Straylight, their hidden compound at the 
spindle's tip, markedly uninterested as they surveyed the country they had 
built. Here Becker slowed and again began his obsessive analysis. This would be 
the last time Marie-France faced a camera; Becker explored the planes of her 
face in a tortured, extended fugue, the movement of his images in exquisite 
counterpoise with the sinuous line of feedback that curved and whipped through 
the shifting static levels of his soundtrack.

Angie called pause again, rose from the bed, went to the window. She felt an 
elation, an unexpected sense of strength and inner unity. She'd felt this way 
seven years earlier, in New Jersey, learning that others knew the ones who came 
to her in dreams, called them the loa, Divine Horsemen, named them and summoned 
them and bargained with them for favor.
	Even then, there had been confusion. Bobby had argued that Linglessou, who 
rode Beauvoir in the oumphor, and the Linglessou of the matrix were separate 
entities, if in fact the former was an entity at all. "They been doing that for 
ten thousand years," he'd say, "dancing and getting crazy, but there's only been 
those things in cyberspace for seven, eight years." Bobby believed the old 
cowboys, the ones he bought drinks for in the Gentlemen Loser whenever Angie's 
career took him to the Sprawl, who maintained that the loa were recent arrivals. 
The old cowboys looked back to a time when nerve and talent were the sole 
deciding factors in a console artist's career, although Beauvoir would have 
argued that it required no less to deal with the loa.
	"But they come to me," she'd argued. "I don't need a deck."
	"It's what you got in your head. What your daddy did . . ."
	Bobby had told her about a general consensus among the old cowboys that 
there had been a day when things had changed, although there was disagreement as 
to how and when.
	When It Changed, they called it, and Bobby had taken a disguised Angie to 
the Loser to listen to them, dogged by anxious Net security men who weren't 
allowed past the door. The barring of the security men had impressed her more 
than the talk, at the time. The Gentleman Loser had been a cowboy bar since the 
war that had seen the birth of the new technology, and the Sprawl offered no 
more exclusive criminal environment -- though by the time of Angie's visit that 
exclusivity had long included a certain assumption of retirement on the part of 
regulars. The hot kids no longer hustled, in the Loser, but some of them came to 
listen.
	Now, in the bedroom of the house at Malibu, Angie remembered them talking, 
their stories of When It Changed, aware that some part of her was attempting to 
collate those memories, those stories, with her own history and that of Tessier-
Ashpool.

3Jane was the filament, Tessier-Ashpool the strata, her birthdate officially 
listed as one with her nineteen sibling clones. Becker's "interrogation" grew 
more heated still, when 3Jane was brought to term in yet another surrogate womb, 
delivered by cesarean section in Straylight's surgery. The critics agreed: 3Jane 
was Becker's trigger. With 3Jane's birth, the focus of the documentary shifted 
subtly, exhibiting a new intensity, a heightening of obsession -- a sense, more 
than one critic had said, of sin.
	3Jane became the focus, a seam of perverse gold through the granite of the 
family. No , Angie thought, silver , pale and moonstruck . Examining a Chinese 
tourist's photograph of 3Jane and two sisters beside the pool of a Freeside 
hotel, Becker returns repeatedly to 3Jane's eyes, the hollow of her collarbone, 
the fragility of her wrists. Physically, the sisters are identical, yet 
something informs  3Jane, and Becker's quest for the nature of this information 
becomes the work's central thrust.
	Freeside prospers as the archipelago expands. Banking nexus, brothel, data 
haven, neutral territory for warring corporations, the spindle comes to play an 
increasingly complex role in high-orbit history, while Tessier-Ashpool S.A. 
recedes behind yet another wall, this one composed of subsidiary corporations. 
Marie-France's name surfaces briefly, in connection with a Geneva patent trial 
concerning certain advances in the field of artificial intelligence, and 
Tessier-Ashpool's massive funding of research in this area is revealed for the 
first time. Once again the family demonstrates its peculiar ability to fade from 
sight, entering another period of obscurity, one which will end with the death 
of Marie-France.
	There would be persistent rumors of murder, but any attempt to investigate 
would founder on the family's wealth and isolation, the peculiar breadth and 
intricacy of their political and financial connections.
	Angie, screening Becker for the second time, knew the identity of Marie-
France Tessier's murderer.

At dawn, she made coffee in the unlit kitchen and sat watching the pale line of 
the surf.
	"Continuity."
	"Hello, Angie."
	"Do you know how to reach Hans Becker?"
	"I have his agent's number in Paris."
	"Has he done anything since Antarctica?  "
	"Not that I know of."
	"And how long has that been?"
	"Five years."
	"Thanks."
	"You're welcome, Angie."
	"Goodbye."
	"Goodbye, Angie."
	Had Becker assumed that 3Jane was responsible for Ashpool's eventual 
death? He seemed to suggest it, in an oblique way.
	"Continuity."
	"Hello, Angie."
	"The folklore of console jockeys, Continuity. What do you know about 
that?" And what will Swift make of all this?  she wondered.
	"What would you like to know, Angie?"
	" 'When It Changed' . . ."
	"The mythform is usually encountered in one of two modes. One mode assumes 
that the cyberspace matrix is inhabited, or perhaps visited, by entities whose 
characteristics correspond with the primary mythform of a 'hidden people.' The 
other involves assumptions of omniscience, omnipotence, and incomprehensibility 
on the part of the matrix itself."
	"That the matrix is God?"
	"In a manner of speaking, although it would be more accurate, in terms of 
the mythform, to say that the matrix has  a God, since this being's omniscience 
and omnipotence are assumed to be limited to the matrix."
	"If it has limits, it isn't omnipotent."
	"Exactly. Notice that the mythform doesn't credit the being with 
immortality, as would ordinarily be the case in belief systems positing a 
supreme being, at least in terms of your particular culture. Cyberspace exists, 
insofar as it can be said to exist, by virtue of human agency."
	"Like you."
	"Yes."
	She wandered into the living room, where the Louis XVI chairs were 
skeletal in the gray light, their carved legs like gilded bones.
	"If there were such a being," she said, "you'd be a part of it, wouldn't 
you?"
	"Yes."
	"Would you know?"
	"Not necessarily."
	"Do  you know?"
	"No."
	"Do you rule out the possibility?"
	"No."
	"Do you think this is a strange conversation, Continuity?" Her cheeks were 
wet with tears, although she hadn't felt them start.
	"No."
	"How do the stories about --" she hesitated, having almost said the loa , 
"about things in the matrix, how do they fit in to this supreme-being idea?"
	"They don't. Both are variants of 'When it Changed.' Both are of very 
recent origin."
	"How recent?"
	"Approximately fifteen years."



Jump City

She woke with Sally's cool palm pressed to her mouth, the other hand gesturing 
for silence.
	The little lamps were on, the ones set into the panels of gold-flecked 
mirror. One of her bags was open, on the giant bed, a neat little stack of 
clothing beside it.
	Sally tapped her index finger against closed lips, then gestured toward 
the case and the clothing.
	Kumiko slid from beneath the duvet and tugged on a sweater against the 
cold. She looked at Sally again and considered speaking; whatever this was, she 
thought, a word might bring Petal. She was dressed as Kumiko had last seen her, 
in the shearling jacket, her tartan scarf knotted beneath her chin. She repeated 
the gesture: pack.
	Kumiko dressed quickly, then began to put the clothing into the case. 
Sally moved restlessly, silently around the room, opening drawers, closing them. 
She found Kumiko's passport, a black plastic slab embossed with a gold 
chrysanthemum, and hung it around Kumiko's neck on its black nylon cord. She 
vanished into the veneered cubicle and emerged with the suede bag that held 
Kumiko's toilet things.
	As Kumiko was sealing the case, the gilt-and-ivory telephone began to 
chime.
	Sally ignored it, took the suitcase from the bed, opened the door, took 
Kumiko's hand, and pulled her out into the darkened hallway. Releasing her hand, 
Sally closed the door behind them, muffling the phone and leaving them in total 
darkness. Kumiko let herself be guided into the lift -- she knew it by its smell 
of oil and furniture polish, the rattle of the metal gate.
	Then they were descending.
	Petal was waiting for them in the bright white foyer, wrapped in an 
enormous faded flannel robe. He wore his decrepit slippers; his legs, below the 
robe's hem, were very white. He held a gun in his hands, a squat, thick thing, 
dull black. "Fucking hell," he said softly, as he saw them there, "and what's 
this then?"
	"She's going with me," Sally said.
	"That," said Petal, slowly, "is entirely impossible."
	"Kumi," Sally said, her hand on Kumiko's back, guiding her out of the 
lift, "there's a car waiting."
	"You can't do this," Petal said, but Kumiko sensed his confusion, his 
uncertainty.
	"So fucking shoot me, Petal."
	Petal lowered the gun. "It's Swain who'll fucking shoot me , if you have 
your way."
	"If he were here, he'd be in the same bind, wouldn't he?"
	"Please," Petal said, "don't."
	"She'll be fine. Not to worry. Open the door."
	"Sally," Kumiko said, "where are we going?"
	"The Sprawl."

And woke again, huddled under Sally's shearling jacket, to the mild vibration of 
supersonic flight. She remembered the huge, low car waiting in the crescent; 
floodlights leaping out from the facades of Swain's houses as she and Sally 
reached the pavement; Tick's sweaty face glimpsed through one of the car's 
windows; Sally heaving open a door and bundling her in; Tick cursing softly and 
steadily as the car accelerated; the complaint of the tires as he swung them too 
sharply into Kensington Park Road; Sally telling him to slow down, to let the 
car drive.
	And there, in the car, she'd remembered returning the Maas-Neotek unit to 
its hiding place behind the marble bust -- Colin left behind with all his fox-
print poise, the elbows of his jacket worn like Petal's slippers -- no more than 
what he was, a ghost.
	"Forty minutes," Sally said now, from the seat beside her. "Good you got 
some sleep. They'll bring us breakfast soon. Remember the name on your passport? 
Good. Now don't ask me any questions until I've had some coffee, okay?"

Kumiko knew the Sprawl from a thousand stims; a fascination with the vast 
conurbation was a common feature of Japanese popular culture.
	She'd had few preconceptions of England when she arrived there: vague 
images of several famous structures, unfocused impressions of a society her own 
seemed to regard as quaint and stagnant. (In her mother's stories, the princess-
ballerina discovered that the English, however admiring, couldn't afford to pay 
her to dance.) London, so far, had run counter to her expectations, with its 
energy, its evident affluence, the Ginza bustle of its great shopping streets.
	She had many preconceptions of the Sprawl, most of which were shattered 
within a few hours of arrival.
	But as she waited beside Sally in a line of other travelers, in a vast, 
hollow customs hall whose ceiling struts rose away into darkness, a darkness 
broken at intervals by pale globes -- globes circled, though it was winter, by 
clouds of insects, as though the building possessed its own discrete climate -- 
it was the stim-Sprawl she imagined, the sensual electric backdrop for the fast-
forward lives of Angela Mitchell and Robin Lanier.
	Through customs -- which consisted, in spite of the endless wait in line, 
of sliding her passport along a greasy-looking metal slot -- and out into a 
frantic concrete bay where driverless baggage carts plowed slowly through a 
crowd that milled and struggled for ground transportation.
	Someone took her bag. Reached down and took it from her with an ease, a 
confidence, that suggested he was meant to take it, that he was a functionary 
performing an accustomed task, like the young women bowing welcome at the doors 
of Tokyo department stores. And Sally kicked him. Kicked him in the back of the 
knee, pivoting smoothly, like the Thai boxing girls in Swain's billiard room, 
snatching the bag before the back of his skull and the stained concrete met with 
an audible crack.
	Then Sally was pulling her, the crowd had closed over the prone figure, 
and the sudden, casual violence might have been a dream, except that Sally was 
smiling for the first time since they'd left London.
	Feeling entirely dislocated now, Kumiko watched as Sally made a survey of 
available vehicles, quickly bribed a uniformed dispatcher, intimidated three 
other prospective fares, and chivied Kumiko into a pock- marked, slabsided 
hovercraft, painted in diagonal bands of yellow and black. The passenger 
compartment was barren and remarkably uncomfortable-looking. The driver, if 
there was one, was invisible beyond a scrawled bulkhead of plastic armor. The 
nub of a video camera protruded where the bulkhead met the roof, and someone had 
drawn a crude figure there, a male torso, the camera its phallus. As Sally 
climbed in, slamming the door behind her, a speaker grated something in what 
Kumiko assumed was a dialect of English.
	"Manhattan," Sally said. She took a sheaf of paper currency from her 
jacket pocket and fanned it below the camera.
	The speaker made interrogatory noises.
	"Midtown. Tell you where when we get there."
	The cab's apron bag inflated, the light in the passenger compartment was 
extinguished, and they were on their way.



Jail-Time

He was in Gentry's loft. He was watching Cherry do nurse-things to Gentry. 
Cherry looked over at him from where she sat on the edge of Gentry's bed. "How 
y'doin', Slick?"
	"Okay . . . I'm okay."
	"Remember me asking you before?"

He was looking down at the face of the man Kid Afrika called the Count. Cherry 
was fiddling with something on the stretcher's superstructure, a bag of fluid 
the color of oatmeal.
	"How y'feel, Slick?"
	"Feel okay."
	"You're not okay. You keep for --"

He was sitting on the floor of Gentry's loft. His face was wet. Cherry was 
kneeling beside him, close, her hands on his shoulders.
	"You did time?"
	He nodded.
	"Chemo-penal unit?"
	"Yeah . . ."
	"Induced Korsakov's?"
	He --

"Episodes?" Cherry asked him. He was sitting on the floor in Gentry's loft. 
Where was Gentry? "You get episodes like this? Short-term memory goes?"
	How did she know? Where was Gentry?
	"What's the trigger?"
	       

"What triggers the syndrome, Slick? What kicks you into jail-time?" He was 
sitting on the floor in Gentry's loft and Cherry was practically on top of him.
	"Stress," he said, wondering how she knew about that. "Where's Gentry?"
	"I put him to bed."
	"Why?"
	"He collapsed. When he saw that thing . . ."
	"What thing?"

Cherry was pressing a pink derm against his wrist. "Heavy trank," she said. 
"Maybe get you out of it . . ."
	"Out of what?"
	She sighed. "Never mind."

He woke in bed with Cherry Chesterfield. He had all his clothes on, everything 
but his jacket and his boots. The tip of his erect cock was trapped behind his 
belt buckle, pressing up against the warm denim over Cherry's ass.
	"Don't get any ideas."
	Winter light through the patchwork window and his breath white when he 
spoke. "What happened?" Why was it so cold in the room? He remembered Gentry's 
scream as the thing lunged for him --
	He sat up straight, fast.
	"Easy," she said, rolling over. "Lie back. Don't know what it takes to set 
you off . . ."
	"What d'y' mean?"
	"Lie back. Get under the covers. Wanna freeze?"
	He did as she said. "You were in jail, right? In a chemo-penal unit."
	"Yeah . . . How'd you know?"
	"You told me. Last night. You told me stress could trigger a flashback. So 
that's what happened. That thing went for your buddy, you jumped for the switch, 
shut that table down. He fell over, cut his head. I was taking care of that when 
I noticed you were funny. Figured out you only had a consecutive memory for 
about five minutes at a stretch. Get that in shock cases, sometimes, or 
concussion . . ."
	"Where is he? Gentry."
	"He's in bed up in his place, plastered with downs. The shape he was in, I 
figured he could do with about a day's sleep. Anyway, it gets him out of our 
hair for a while."
	Slick closed his eyes and saw the gray thing again, the thing that had 
gone for Gentry. Man-shaped, sort of, or like an ape. Nothing like the 
convoluted shaped Gentry's equipment generated in his search for the Shape.
	"I think the power's out," Cherry said. "The light went out in here about 
six hours ago."
	He opened his eyes. The cold. Gentry hadn't made his moves on the console. 
He groaned.
	       
He left Cherry to make coffee on the butane cooker and went looking for Little 
Bird. He found him by the smell of smoke. Little Bird had built a fire in a 
steel canister and gone to sleep curled around it like a dog. "Hey," Slick said, 
nudging the boy with his boot, "get up. We got problems."
	"Fuckin' juice's out," he mumbled, sitting up in a greasy nylon sleeping 
bag grimed the exact shade of Factory's floor.
	"I noticed. That's problem number one. Number two is we need a truck or a 
hover or something. We have to get that guy out of here. It's not working out 
with Gentry."
	"But Gentry's the only one can fix the juice." Little Bird got to his 
feet, shivering.
	"Gentry's sleeping. Who's got a truck?"
	"Marvie 'n' them," Little Bird said, and lapsed into a racking cough.
	"Take Gentry's bike. Bring it back in the truck. Now."
	Little Bird recovered from his coughing fit. "No shit?"
	"You know how to ride it, don't you?"
	"Yeah, but Gentry, he'll get --"
	"You let me worry about that. You know where he keeps that spare key?"
	"Uh, yeah," Little Bird said shyly. "Say," he ventured, "what if Marvie 
'n' them don't wanna  gimme that truck?"
	"Give 'em this," Slick said, pulling the Ziploc full of drugs from the 
pocket of his jacket. Cherry had taken it after she'd bandaged Gentry's head. 
"And give 'em all  of it, understand? 'Cause I'm gonna ask 'em later."

Cherry's beeper went off while they were drinking coffee in Slick's room, 
huddled side by side on the edge of the bed. He'd been telling her as much as he 
knew about the Korsakov's, because she'd asked him. He hadn't ever really told 
anybody about it, and it was funny how little he actually knew. He told her 
about previous flashbacks, then tried to explain how the system worked in jail. 
The trick was that you retained long-term memory up to the point where they put 
you on the stuff. That way, they could train you to do something before you 
started serving your time and you didn't forget how to do it. Mostly you did 
stuff that robots could do. They'd trained him to assemble miniature geartrains; 
when he'd learned to put one together inside five minutes, that was it.
	"And they didn't do anything else?" she asked.
	"Just those geartrains."
	"No, I mean like brainlocks."
	He looked at her. The sore on her lip was almost healed. "If they do that, 
they don't tell you," he said.
	Then the beeper went off in one of her jackets.
	"Something's wrong," she said, getting up quickly.

They found Gentry kneeling beside the stretcher with something black in his 
hands. Cherry snatched the thing before Gentry could move. He stayed where he 
was, blinking up at her.
	"Takes a lot to keep you under, mister." She handed Slick the black thing. 
A retinal camera.
	"We have to find out who he is," Gentry said. His voice was thick with the 
downs she'd administered, but Slick sensed that the bad edge of craziness had 
receded.
	"Hell," she said, "you don't even know if these are the eyes he had a year 
ago."
	Gentry touched the bandage on his temple. "You saw it too, didn't you?"
	"Yeah," Cherry said, "he shut it off."
	"It was the shock," Gentry said. "I hadn't imagined. . . . There was no 
real danger. I wasn't ready. . . ."
	"You were out of your fucking skull," Cherry said.
	Gentry got unsteadily to his feet.
	"He's leaving," Slick said. "I sent Bird to borrow a truck. I don't like 
any of this shit."
	Cherry stared at him. "Leaving where? I gotta go  with him. It's my job."
	"I know a place," Slick lied. "The power's out, Gentry."
	"You can't take him anywhere," Gentry said.
	"Like hell."
	"No." Gentry swayed slightly. "He stays. The jumpers are in place. I won't 
disturb him again. Cherry can stay here."
	"You're going to have to explain some shit here, Gentry," Slick said.
	"To begin with," Gentry said, and pointed at the thing above the Count's 
head, "this isn't an 'LF'; it's an aleph ."



Under the Knife

Hotel again, sinking into the deathmarch of wiz-crash, Prior leading her into 
the lobby, Japanese tourists already up and clustering around bored-looking 
guides. And one foot, one foot, one foot after the other, her head so heavy now, 
like somebody punched a hole in the top, poured in a quarter-kilo of dull lead, 
and her teeth felt like they belonged to somebody else, too big; she slumped 
against the side of the elevator when its extra gravity pressed down.
	"Where's Eddy?"
	"Eddy's gone, Mona."
	Got her eyes open wide and she looked at him, seeing the smile was back, 
bastard. "What?"
	"Eddy's been bought out. Compensated. He's on his way to Macau with a line 
of credit. Nice little gambling junket."
	"Compensated?"
	"For his investment. In you. For his time."
	"His time?  " The doors slid open on blue-carpeted corridor.
	And something falling through her, cold: Eddy hated gambling.
	"You're working for us now, Mona. We wouldn't want you off on your own 
again."
	But you did , she thought, you let me go. And you knew where to find me.
	Eddy  's gone . . . .

She didn't remember falling asleep. She was still wearing the dress, Michael's 
jacket tucked up around her shoulders like a blanket. She could see the corner 
of the mountainside building without moving her head, but the bighorn wasn't 
there.
	The Angie stims were still sealed in plastic. She took one at random, slit 
the wrapper with her thumbnail, slotted it, and put the trodes on. She wasn't 
thinking; her hands seemed to know what to do, friendly animals that wouldn't 
hurt her. One of them touched PLAY and she slid into the Angie-world, pure as 
any drug, slow saxophone and limo glide through some European city, how the 
streets revolved around her, around the driverless car, broad avenues, dawn-
clean and almost empty, with the touch of fur against her shoulders, and rolling 
on, down a straight road through flat fields, edged with perfect, identical 
trees.
	And turning, tires over raked gravel, up a winding drive through parkland 
where the dew was silver, here an iron deer, there a wet white marble torso . . 
. The house was vast, old, unlike any house she'd seen before, but the car swung 
past it, then passed several smaller buildings, coming at last to the edge of a 
smooth broad field.
	There were gliders tethered there, translucent membrane drawn taut over 
fragile-looking frames of polycarbon. They quivered slightly in the morning 
breeze. Robin Lanier was waiting beside them, handsome, easy Robin in a rough 
black sweater, who played opposite Angie in almost all of her stims.
	And she was leaving the car now, taking to the field, laughing when her 
heels sank into the grass. And the rest of the way to Robin with her shoes in 
her hand, grinning, into his arms and his smell, his eyes.
	A whirl, a dance of editing, condensing the business of boarding the 
glider on the silver induction rail, and they were flung smoothly down the 
length of the field, lifting now, banking to catch the wind, and up, up, until 
the great house was an angular pebble in a swathe of green, green cut by a dull 
gleam of curving river --
	-- and Prior's hand on STOP, smell of food from the cart beside the bed 
knotting her stomach, the dull sick ache of wiz-crash in every joint. "Eat," he 
said. "We're leaving soon." He took the metal cover from one of the plates. 
"Club sandwich," he said, "coffee, pastries. Doctor's orders. Once you're at the 
clinic, you won't be eating for a while. . . ."
	"Clinic?"
	"Gerald's place. Baltimore."
	"Why?"
	"Gerald's a cosmetic surgeon. You're having some work done. All of it 
reversible later, if you want, but we think you'll be pleased with the results. 
Very pleased." The smile. "Anyone ever tell you how much you look like Angie, 
Mona?"
	She looked up at him, said nothing. Managed to sit up, to drink half a cup 
of watery black coffee. She couldn't bring herself to look at the sandwich, but 
she ate one of the pastries. It tasted like cardboard.
	Baltimore. She wasn't too sure where that was.
	And somewhere a glider hung forever above a tame green country, fur 
against her shoulder, and Angie must still be there, still laughing. . . .

An hour later, in the lobby, while Prior signed the bill, she saw Eddy's black 
gator-clone suitcases go by on a robot baggage cart, and that was when she knew 
for sure that he was dead.

Gerald's office had a sign with big old-fashioned letters, fourth floor of a 
condo rack in what Prior said was Baltimore. The kind of building where they 
throw up a framework and commercial tenants bring their own modules, plug-ins. 
Like a highrise trailer camp, everything snaked with bundled cables, optics, 
lines for sewage and water. "What's it say?" she asked Prior.
	"Gerald Chin, Dentist."
	"You said he was a plastic surgeon."
	"He is."
	"Why can't we just go to a boutique like everybody else?"
	He didn't answer.
	She couldn't really feel much now, and part of her knew that she wasn't as 
scared as she should be. Maybe that was okay, though, because if she got scared 
enough she wouldn't be able to do anything, and definitely she wanted to get out 
of the whole deal, whatever it was. On the drive over, she'd discovered this 
lump in the pocket of Michael's jacket. It had taken her ten minutes to figure 
out it was a shockrod, like nervous suits carried. It felt like a screwdriver 
handle with a pair of blunt metal horns where the shaft should be. It probably 
charged off wall current; she just hoped Michael had kept up the charge. She 
figured Prior didn't know it was there. They were legal, most places, because 
they weren't supposed to do much permanent damage, but Lanette had known a girl 
who'd gotten worked over real bad with one and never got much better.
	If Prior didn't know it was in her pocket, it meant he didn't know 
everything, and he had a stake in having her think he did. But then he hadn't 
known how much Eddy hated gambling.
	She couldn't feel much about Eddy, either, except she still figured he was 
dead. No matter how much they'd given him, he still wouldn't walk out without 
those cases. Even if he was going for a whole new wardrobe he'd need to get all 
dressed up to go shopping for it. Eddy cared about clothes more than almost 
anything. And those gator cases were special; he'd got 'em off a hotel thief in 
Orlando, and they were the closest thing he had to a home. And anyway, now that 
she thought about it, she couldn't see him going for a buy-out bid, because what 
he wanted most in the whole world was to be part of some big deal. Once he was, 
he figured, people would start to take him seriously.
	So somebody finally took him seriously, she thought, as Prior carried her 
bag into Gerald's clinic. But not the way Eddy wanted.
	She looked around at the twenty-year-old plastic furniture, the stacks of 
stim-star magazines with Jap writing. It looked like a Cleveland haircut place. 
There was nobody there, nobody behind the reception desk.
	Then Gerald came through a white door, wearing the kind of crinkled foil 
suit that paramedics wore for traffic accidents. "Lock the door," he said to 
Prior, through a blue paper mask that hid his nose, mouth, and chin. "Hello, 
Mona. If you'll step this way . . ." He gestured toward the white door.
	She had her hand around the shockrod now, but she didn't know how to turn 
it on.
	She followed Gerald, Prior taking up the rear.
	"Have a seat," Gerald said. She sat on a white enamel chair. He came 
close, looked at her eyes. "You need to rest, Mona. You're exhausted."
	There was a serrated stud on the shockrod's handle. Press it? Forward? 
Back?
	Gerald went to a white box with drawers, got something out.
	"Here," he said, extending a little tube thing with writing on the side, 
"this will help you. . . ." She barely felt the tiny, measured spray; there was 
a black blot on the aerosol tube, just where her eyes tried to focus, growing. . 
. .

She remembered the old man showing her how you kill a catfish. Catfish has a 
hole in its skull, covered with skin; you take something stiff and skinny, a 
wire, even a broomstraw did it, and you just slip it in. . . .

She remembered Cleveland, ordinary kind of day before it was time to get 
working, sitting up in Lanette's, looking at a magazine. Found this picture of 
Angie laughing in a restaurant with some other people, everybody pretty but 
beyond that it was like they had this glow,  not really in the photograph but it 
was there anyway, something  you could feel. Look, she said to Lanette, showing 
her the picture, they got this glow.
	It's called money, Lanette said.

It's called money. You just slip it in.



Hilton Swift

He arrived unannounced, as he always did, and alone, the Net helicopter settling 
like a solitary wasp, stirring strands of seaweed across the damp sand.
	She watched from the rust-eaten railing as he jumped down, something 
boyish, almost bumbling, in his apparent eagerness. He wore a long topcoat of 
brown tweed; unbuttoned, it showed the immaculate front of one of his 
candystriped shirts, the propwash stirring his brown-blond hair and fluttering 
his Sense/Net tie. Robin was right, she decided: he did look as though his 
mother dressed him.
	Perhaps it was deliberate, she thought, as he came striding up the beach, 
a feigned naet. She remembered Porphyre once maintaining that major 
corporations were entirely independent of the human beings who composed the body 
corporate. This had seemed patently obvious to Angie, but the hairdresser had 
insisted that she'd failed to grasp his basic premise. Swift was Sense/Net's 
most important human decision-maker.
	The thought of Porphyre made her smile; Swift, taking it as a greeting, 
beamed back at her.

He offered her lunch in San Francisco; the helicopter was extremely fast. She 
countered by insisting on preparing him a bowl of dehydrated Swiss soup and 
microwaving a frozen brick of sourdough rye.
	She wondered, watching him eat, about his sexuality. In his late thirties, 
he somehow conveyed the sense of an extraordinarily bright teenager in whom the 
onset of puberty had been subtly delayed. Rumor, at one time or another, had 
supplied him with every known sexual preference, and with several that she 
assumed were entirely imaginary. None of them seemed at all likely to Angie. 
She'd known him since she'd come to Sense/Net; he'd been well established in the 
upper eschelons of production when she'd arrived, one of the top people in Tally 
Isham's team, and he'd taken an immediate professional interest in her. Looking 
back, she assumed that Legba had steered her into his path: he'd been so 
obviously on his way up, though she might not have seen it herself, then, 
dazzled by the glitter and constant movement of the scene.
	Bobby had taken an instant dislike to him, bristling with a Barrytowner's 
inbred hostility to authority, but had generally managed to conceal it for the 
sake of her career. The dislike had been mutual, Swift greeting their split and 
Bobby's departure with obvious relief.
	"Hilton," she said, as she poured him a cup of the herbal tea he preferred 
to coffee, "what is it that's keeping Robin in London?"
	He looked up from the steaming cup. "Something personal, I think. Perhaps 
he's found a new friend." Bobby had always been Angie's friend , to Hilton. 
Robin's friends tended to be young, male, and athletic; the muted erotic 
sequences in her stims with Robin were assembled from stock footage provided by 
Continuity and heavily treated by Raebel and his effects team. She remembered 
the one night they'd spent together, in a windblown house in southern 
Madagascar, his passivity and his patience. They'd never tried again, and she'd 
suspected that he feared that intimacy would undermine the illusion their stims 
projected so perfectly.
	"What did he think of me going into the clinic, Hilton? Did he tell you?"
	"I think he admired you for it."
	"Someone told me recently that he's been telling people I'm crazy."
	He'd rolled up his striped shirtsleeves and loosened his tie. "I can't 
imagine Robin thinking that, let alone saying it. I know what he thinks of you. 
You know what gossip is, in the Net. . . ."
	"Hilton, where's Bobby?"
	His brown eyes, very still. "Isn't that over, Angie?"
	"Hilton, you know. You must know. You know where he is. Tell me."
	"We lost him."
	"Lost him?"
	"Security lost him. You're right, of course; we kept the closest possible 
track of him after he left you. He reverted to type." There was an edge of 
satisfaction in his voice.
	"And what type was that?"
	"I've never asked what brought you together," he said. "Security 
investigated both of you, of course. He was a petty criminal."
	She laughed. "He wasn't even that. . . ."
	"You were unusually well represented, Angie, for an unknown. You know that 
your agents made it a key condition of your contract that we take Bobby Newmark 
on as well."
	"Contracts have had stranger conditions, Hilton."
	"And he went on salary as your . . . companion."
	"My 'friend.' "
	Was Swift actually blushing? He broke eye contact, looked down at his 
hands. "When he left you, he went to Mexico, Mexico City. Security was tracing 
him, of course; we don't like to lose track of anyone who knows that much about 
the personal life of one of our stars. Mexico City is a very . . . complicated  
place. . . . We do know that he seemed to be trying to continue his previous . . 
. career."
	"He was hustling cyberspace?"
	He met her eyes again. "He was seeing people in the business, known 
criminals."
	"And? Go on."
	"He . . . faded out. Vanished. Do you have any idea what Mexico City is 
like, if you slip below the poverty line?"
	"And he was poor?"
	"He'd become an addict. According to our best sources."
	"An addict? Addicted to what?"
	"I don't know."
	"Continuity!"
	He almost spilled his tea.
	"Hello, Angie."
	"Bobby, Continuity. Bobby Newmark, my friend ," glaring at Swift. "He went 
to Mexico City. Hilton says he became addicted to something. A drug, 
Continuity?"
	"I'm sorry, Angie. That's classified data."
	"Hilton . . ."
	"Continuity," he began, and coughed.
	"Hello, Hilton."
	"Executive override, Continuity. Do we have that information?"
	"Security's sources described Newmark's addiction as neuro-electronic."
	"I don't understand."
	"Some sort of, um, 'wirehead' business," Swift offered.
	She felt an impulse to tell him how she'd found the drug, the charger.
	Hush , child . Her head was full of the sound of bees, a building 
pressure.
	"Angie? What is it?" He was half up from his chair, reaching for her.
	"Nothing. I'm . . . upset. I'm sorry. Nerves. It isn't your fault. I was 
going to tell you about finding Bobby's cyberspace deck. But you already know 
about that, don't you?"
	"Can I get you anything? Water?"
	"No, thanks, but I'll lie down for a while, if you don't mind. But stay, 
please. I have some ideas for orbital sequences that I'd like your advice on. . 
. ."
	"Of course. Have a nap, I'll have a walk on the beach, and then we'll 
talk."

She watched him from the bedroom window, watched his brown figure recede in the 
direction of the Colony, followed by the patient little Dornier.
	He looked like a child on the empty beach; he looked as lost as she felt.



The Aleph

As the sun rose, still no power for the 100-watt bulbs, Gentry's loft filled 
with a new light. Winter sunlight softened the outlines of the consoles and the 
holo table, brought out the texture of the ancient books that lined sagging 
chipboard shelves along the west wall. As Gentry paced and talked, his blond 
roostertail bobbing each time he spun on a black bootheel, his excitement seemed 
to counter the lingering effects of Cherry's sleep-derms. Cherry sat on the edge 
of the bed, watching Gentry but glancing occasionally at the battery telltale on 
the stretcher's superstructure. Slick sat in a broken-down chair scrounged from 
the Solitude and recushioned with transparent plastic over wadded pads of 
discarded clothing.
	To Slick's relief, Gentry had skipped the whole business of the Shape and 
launched straight into his theory about the aleph thing. As always, once Gentry 
got going, he used words and constructions that Slick had trouble understanding, 
but Slick knew from experience that it was easier not to interrupt him; the 
trick was in pulling some kind of meaning out of the overall flow, skipping over 
the parts you didn't understand.
	Gentry said that the Count was jacked into what amounted to a mother-huge 
microsoft; he thought the slab was a single solid lump of biochip. If that was 
true, the thing's storage capacity was virtually infinite; it would've been 
unthinkably expensive to manufacture. It was, Gentry said, a fairly strange 
thing for anyone to have built at all, although such things were rumored to 
exist and to have their uses, most particularly in the storage of vast amounts 
of confidential data. With no link to the global matrix, the data was immune to 
every kind of attack via cyberspace. The catch, of course, was that you couldn't 
access it via the matrix; it was dead storage.
	"He could have anything in there," Gentry said, pausing to look down at 
the unconscious face. He spun on his heel and began his pacing again. "A world. 
Worlds. Any number of personality-constructs . . ."
	"Like he's living a stim?" Cherry asked. "That why he's always in REM?"
	"No," Gentry said, "it's not simstim. It's completely interactive. And 
it's a matter of scale. If this is aleph-class biosoft, he literally could have 
anything at all in there. In a sense, he could have an approximation of 
everything . . . ."
	"I gotta feeling off Kid Afrika," Cherry said, "that this guy was paying 
to stay this way. Kinda wirehead action but different. And anyway, wirehead's 
don't REM like that. . . ."

	"But when you tried to put it out through your stuff," Slick ventured, 
"you got that . . . thing." He saw Gentry's shoulders tense beneath black-beaded 
leather.
	"Yes," Gentry said, "and now I have to reconstruct our account with the 
Fission Authority." He pointed at the permanent storage batteries stacked 
beneath the steel table. "Get those out for me."
	"Yeah," Cherry said, "it's about time. I'm freezing my ass."

They left Gentry bent over a cyberspace deck and went back to Slick's room. 
Cherry had insisted they rig Gentry's electric blanket to one of the batteries 
so she could drape it over the stretcher. There was cold coffee left on the 
butane stove; Slick drank it without bothering to reheat it, while Cherry stared 
out the window at the snow-streaked plain of the Solitude.
	"How'd it get like this?" she asked.
	"Gentry says it was a landfill operation a hundred years ago. Then they 
laid down a lot of topsoil, but stuff wouldn't grow. A lot of the fill was 
toxic. Rain washed the cover off. Guess they just gave up and started dumping 
more shit on it. Can't drink the water out there; fulla PCBs and everything 
else."
	"What about those rabbits Bird-boy goes hunting for?"
	"They're west of here. You don't see 'em on the Solitude. Not even rats. 
Anyway, you gotta test any meat you take around here."
	"There's birds, though."
	"Just roost here, go somewhere else to feed."
	"What is it with you 'n' Gentry?" She was still looking out the window.
	"How do you mean?"
	"My first idea was maybe you were gay. Together, I mean."
	"No."
	"But it's kind of like you need each other some way. . . ."
	"It's his place, Factory. Lets me live here. I . . . need to live here. To 
do my work."
	"To build those things downstairs?"
	The bulb in the yellow cone of fax came on; the fan in the heater kicked 
in.
	"Well," Cherry said, squatting in front of the heater and unzipping one 
jacket after another, "he may be crazy but he just did something right."

Gentry was slouched in the old office chair when Slick entered the loft, staring 
at the little flip-up monitor on his deck.
	"Robert Newmark," Gentry said.
	"Huh?"
	"Retinal identification. Either this is Robert Newmark or someone who 
bought his eyes."
	"How'd you get that?" Slick bent to peer at the screen of basic birth 
stats.
	Gentry ignored the question. "This is it. Push it and you run into 
something else entirely."
	"How's that?"
	"Someone wants to know if anyone asks any questions about Mr. Newmark."
	"Who?"
	"I don't know." Gentry drummed his fingers on his black leather thighs. 
"Look at this: nothing. Born in Barrytown. Mother: Marsha Newmark. We've got his 
SIN, but it's definitely been tagged." He shoved the chair back on its casters 
and swung around so that he could see the Count's still face. "How about it, 
Newmark? Is that your name?" He stood up and went to the holo table.
	"Don't," Slick said.
	Gentry touched the power stud on the holo table.
	And the gray thing was there again, for an instant, but this time it dived 
toward the core of the hemispherical display, dwindled, and was gone. No. It was 
there, a minute gray sphere at the very center of the glowing projection field.
	Gentry's crazy smile had returned. "Good," he said.
	"What's good?"
	"I see what it is. A kind of ice. A security program."
	"That monkey?"
	"Someone has a sense of humor. If the monkey doesn't scare you off, it 
turns into a pea. . . ." He crossed to the table and began to root through one 
of the panniers. "I doubt if they'll be able to do that with a direct sensory 
link." He held something in his hand now. A trode-net.
	"Gentry, don't do  it! Look at him!"
	"I'm not going to do it," Gentry said. "You are."


Ghosts and Empties

Staring through the cab's smudged windows, she found herself wishing for Colin 
and his wry commentary, then remembered that this was entirely beyond his sphere 
of expertise. Did Maas-Neotek manufacture a similar unit for the Sprawl, she 
wondered, and if so, what form would its ghost take?
	"Sally," she said, perhaps half an hour into the drive to New York, "why 
did Petal let me go with you?"
	"Because he was smart."
	"And my father?"
	"Your father'll shit."
	"I'm sorry?"
	"Will be angry. If he finds out. And he may not. We aren't here for long."
	"Why are we here?"
	"I gotta talk to somebody."
	"But why am I here?"
	"You don't like it here?"
	Kumiko hesitated. "Yes, I do."
	"Good." Sally shifted on the broken-down seat. "Petal had to let us go. 
Because he couldn't have stopped us without hurting one of us. Well, maybe not 
hurting. More like insulting. Swain could cool you, then tell you he was sorry 
later, tell your father it was for your own good, if it came to that, but if he 
cools me, it's like face , right? When I saw Petal down there with the gun, I 
knew he was going to let us go. Your room's kinked. The whole place is. I set 
the motion sensors off when I was getting your gear together. Figured I would. 
Petal knew it was me. That's why he rang the phone, to let me know he knew."
	"I don't understand."
	"Kind of a courtesy, so I'd know he was waiting. Gimme a chance to think. 
But he didn't have a choice and he knew it. Swain, see, he's being forced to do 
something, and Petal knows it. Or anyway Swain says he is, being forced. Me, I'm 
definitely being forced. So I start wondering how bad Swain needs me. Real   
bad. Because they let me walk off with the oyabun 's daughter, shipped all the 
way to Notting Hill for the safekeeping. Something there scares him worse than 
your daddy. 'Less it's something that'll make him richer than your daddy already 
has. Anyway, taking you kind of evens things up. Kind of like pushing back. You 
mind?"
	"But you are being threatened?"
	"Somebody knows a lot of things I did."
	"And Tick has discovered the identity of this person?"
	"Yeah. Guess I knew anyway. Wish to fuck I'd been wrong."
	       

The hotel Sally chose was faced with rust-stained steel panels, each panel 
secured with gleaming chrome bolts, a style Kumiko knew from Tokyo and thought 
of as somewhat old-fashioned.
	Their room was large and gray, a dozen shades of gray, and Sally walked 
straight to the bed, after she'd locked the door, took off her jacket, and lay 
down.
	"You don't have a bag," Kumiko said.
	Sally sat up and began to remove her boots. "I can buy what I need. You 
tired?"
	"No."
	"I am." She pulled her black sweater over her head. Her breasts were 
small, with brownish pink nipples; a scar, running from just below the left 
nipple, vanished into the waistband of her jeans.
	"You were hurt," Kumiko said, looking at the scar.
	Sally looked down. "Yeah."
	"Why didn't you have it removed?"
	"Sometimes it's good to remember."
	"Being hurt?"
	"Being stupid."

Gray on gray. Unable to sleep, Kumiko paced the gray carpet. There was something 
vampiric about the room, she decided, something it would have in common with 
millions of similar rooms, as though its bewilderingly seamless anonymity were 
sucking away her personality, fragments of which emerged as her parents' voices, 
raised in argument, as the faces of her father's black-suited secretaries. . . .
	Sally slept, her face a smooth mask. The view from the window told Kumiko 
nothing at all: only that she looked out on a city that was neither Tokyo nor 
London, a vast generic tumble that was her century's paradigm of urban reality.
	Perhaps she slept too, Kumiko, though later she wasn't certain. She 
watched Sally order toiletries and underwear, tapping her requirements into the 
bedside video. Her purchases were delivered while Kumiko was in the shower.
	"Okay," Sally said, from beyond the door, "towel off, get dressed, we're 
going to see the man."
	"What man?" Kumiko asked, but Sally hadn't heard her.

Gomi.
	Thirty-five percent of the landmass of Tokyo was built on gomi , on level 
tracts reclaimed from the Bay through a century's systematic dumping. Gomi , 
there, was a resource to be managed, to be collected, sorted, carefully plowed 
under.
	London's relationship to gomi  was more subtle, more oblique. To Kumiko's 
eyes, the bulk of the city consisted  of gomi , of structures the Japanese 
economy would long ago have devoured in its relentless hunger for space in which 
to build. Yet these structures revealed, even to Kumiko, the fabric of time, 
each wall patched by generations of hands in an ongoing task of restoration. The 
English valued their gomi  in its own right, in a way she had only begun to 
understand; they inhabited it.
	Gomi  in the Sprawl was something else: a rich humus, a decay that 
sprouted prodigies in steel and polymer. The apparent lack of planning alone was 
enough to dizzy her, running so entirely opposite the value her own culture 
placed on efficient land use.
	Their taxi ride from the airport had already shown her decay, whole blocks 
in ruin, unglazed windows gaping above sidewalks heaped with trash. And faces 
staring as the armored hover made its way through the streets.
	Now Sally plunged her abruptly into the full strangeness of this place, 
with its rot and randomness rooting towers taller than any in Tokyo, corporate 
obelisks that pierced the sooty lacework of overlapping domes.
	Two cab rides away from their hotel, they took to the street itself, into 
early-evening crowds and a slant of shadow. The air was cold, but not the cold 
of London, and Kumiko thought of the blossoms in Ueno Park.
	Their first stop was a large, somewhat faded bar called the Gentleman 
Loser, where Sally conducted a quiet, very rapid exchange with a bartender.
	They left without buying a drink.

"Ghosts," Sally said, rounding a corner, Kumiko close at her side. The streets 
had grown progressively more empty, these past several blocks, the buildings 
darker and more decrepit.
	"Pardon me?"
	"Lotta ghosts here for me, or anyway there should be."
	"You know this place?"
	"Sure. Looks all the same, but different, you know?"
	"No . . ."
	"Someday you will. We find who I'm looking for, you just do your good-girl 
routine. Speak if you're spoken to, otherwise don't."
	"Who are we looking for?"
	"The man. What's left of him, anyway . . ."
	Half a block on, the grim street empty -- Kumiko had never seen an empty  
street before, aside from Swain's crescent shrouded in midnight snow -- Sally 
came to a halt beside an ancient and utterly unpromising storefront, its twin 
display windows silvered with a rich inner coating of dust. Peering in, Kumiko 
made out the glass-tube letters of an unlit neon sign: METRO, then a longer 
word. The door between the windows had been reinforced with a sheet of 
corrugated steel; rusting eyebolts protruded at intervals, strung with slack 
lengths of galvanized razor wire.
	Now Sally faced that door, squared her shoulders, and executed a fluid 
series of small, quick gestures.
	Kumiko stared as the sequence was repeated. "Sally --"
	"Jive," Sally cut her off. "I told you to shut up, okay?"
	"Yeah?" The voice, barely more than a whisper, seemed to come from nowhere 
in particular.
	"I told you already," Sally said.
	"I don't jive."
	"I wanna talk to him," she said, her voice hard and careful.
	"He's dead."
	"I know that."
	A silence followed, and Kumiko heard a sound that might have been the 
wind, a cold, grit-laden wind scouring the curve of the geodesics far above 
them.
	"He's not here," the voice said, and seemed to recede. "Round the corner, 
half a block, left into the alley."

Kumiko would remember the alley always: dark brick slick with damp, hooded 
ventilators trailing black streamers of congealed dust, a yellow bulb in a cage 
of corroded alloy, the low growth of empty bottles that sprouted at the base of 
either wall, the man-sized nests of crumpled fax and white foam packing 
segments, and the sound of Sally's bootheels.
	Past the bulb's dim glow was darkness, though a reflected gleam on wet 
brick showed a final wall, cul-de- sac, and Kumiko hesitated, frightened by a 
sudden stir of echo, a scurrying, the steady dripping of water. . . .
	Sally raised her hand. A tight beam of very bright light framed a sharp 
circle of paint-scrawled brick, then smoothly descended.
	Descended until it found the thing at the base of the wall, dull metal, an 
upright rounded fixture that Kumiko mistook for another ventilator. Near its 
base were the stubs of white candles, a flat plastic flask filled with a clear 
liquid, an assortment of cigarette packets, a scattering of loose cigarettes, 
and an elaborate, multiarmed figure drawn in what appeared to be white powdered 
chalk.
	Sally stepped forward, the beam held steady, and Kumiko saw that the 
armored thing was bolted into the brickwork with massive rivets. "Finn?"
	A rapid flicker of pink light from a horizontal slot.
	"Hey, Finn, man . . ." An uncharacteristic hesitation in her voice . . .
	"Moll." A grating quality, as if through a broken speaker. "What's with 
the flash? You still got amps in? Gettin' old, you can't see in the dark so 
good?"
	"For my friend."
	Something moved behind the slot, its color the unhealthy pink of hot 
cigarette ash in noon sunlight, and Kumiko's face was washed with a stutter of 
light.
	"Yeah," grated the voice, "so who's she?"
	"Yanaka's daughter."
	"No shit."
	Sally lowered the light; it fell on the candles, the flask, the damp gray 
cigarettes, the white symbol with its feathery arms.
	"Help yourself to the offerings," said the voice. "That's half a liter of 
Moskovskaya there. The hoodoo mark's flour. Tough luck; the high rollers draw 
'em in cocaine."
	"Jesus," Sally said, an odd distance in her voice, squatting down, "I 
don't believe this." Kumiko watched as she picked up the flask and sniffed at 
the contents.
	"Drink it. It's good shit. Fuckin' better be. Nobody shortcounts the 
oracle, not if they know what's good for 'em."
	"Finn," Sally said, then tilted the flask and swallowed, wiping her mouth 
with the back of her hand, "you gotta be crazy. . . ."
	"I should be so lucky. A rig like this, I'm pushing it to have a little 
imagination, let alone crazy."
	Kumiko moved closer, then squatted beside Sally.
	"It's a construct, a personality job?" Sally put down the flask of vodka 
and stirred the damp flour with the tip of a white fingernail.
	"Sure. You seen 'em before. Real-time memory if I wanna, wired into c-
space if I wanna. Got this oracle gig to keep my hand in, you know?" The thing 
made a strange sound: laughter. "Got love troubles? Got a bad woman don't 
understand you?" The laugh noise again, like peals of static. "Actually I'm more 
into business advice. It's the local kids leave the goodies. Adds to the 
mystique, kinda. And once in a while I get a skeptic, some asshole figures he'll 
help himself to the take." A scarlet hairline flashed from the slit and a bottle 
exploded somewhere to Kumiko's right. Static laughter. "So what brings you this 
way, Moll? You and," again the pink light flicked across Kumiko's face, 
"Yanaka's daughter . . ."
	"The Straylight run," Sally said.
	"Long time, Moll . . ."
	"She's after me, Finn. Fourteen years and that crazy bitch is on my ass. . 
. ."
	"So maybe she's got nothin' better to do. You know how rich folks are. . . 
."
	"You know where Case is, Finn? Maybe she's after him. . . ."
	"Case got out of it. Rolled up a few good scores after you split, then he 
kicked it in the head and quit clean. You did the same, maybe you wouldn't be 
freezing your buns off in an alley, right? Last I heard, he had four kids. . . 
."

Watching the hypnotic sweep of the scanning pink ember, Kumiko had some idea of 
what it was that Sally spoke with. There were similar things in her father's 
study, four of them, black lacquered cubes arranged along a low shelf of pine. 
Above each cube hung a formal portrait. The portraits were monochrome 
photographs of men in dark suits and ties, four very sober gentlemen whose 
lapels were decorated with small metal emblems of the kind her father sometimes 
wore. Though her mother had told her that the cubes contained ghosts, the ghosts 
of her father's evil ancestors, Kumiko found them more fascinating than 
frightening. If they did contain ghosts, she reasoned, they would be quite 
small, as the cubes themselves were scarcely large enough to contain a child's 
head.
	Her father sometimes meditated before the cubes, kneeling on the bare 
tatami in an attitude that connoted profound respect. She had seen him in this 
position many times, but she was ten before she heard him address the cubes. And 
one had answered. The question had meant nothing to her, the answer less, but 
the calm tone of the ghost's reply had frozen her where she crouched, behind a 
door of paper, and her father had laughed to find her there; rather than 
scolding her, he'd explained that the cubes housed the recorded personalities of 
former executives, corporate directors. Their souls? she'd asked. No, he'd said, 
and smiled, then added that the distinction was a subtle one. "They are not 
conscious. They respond, when questioned, in a manner approximating the response 
of the subject. If they are ghosts, then holograms are ghosts."
	After Sally's lecture on the history and hierarchy of the Yakuza, in the 
robata bar in Earls Court, Kumiko had decided that each of the men in the 
photographs, the subjects of the personality recordings, had been an oyabun .
	The thing in the armored housing, she reasoned, was of a similar nature, 
though perhaps more complex, just as Colin was a more complex version of the 
Michelin guide her father's secretaries had carried on her Shinjuku shopping 
expeditions. Finn, Sally called it, and it was evident that this Finn had been a 
friend or associate of hers.
	But did it wake, Kumiko wondered, when the alley was empty? Did its laser 
vision scan the silent fall of midnight snow?

"Europe," Sally began, "when I split from Case I went all around there. Had a 
lot of money we got for the run, anyway it looked like a lot then. Tessier-
Ashpool's AI paid it out through a Swiss bank. It erased every trace we'd ever 
been up the well; I mean everything, like if you looked up the names we traveled 
under, on the JAL shuttle, they just weren't there. Case checked it all out when 
we were back in Tokyo, wormed his way into all kinds of data; it was like none 
of it ever happened. I didn't understand how it could do that, AI or not, but 
nobody ever really understood what happened up there, when Case rode that 
Chinese icebreaker through their core ice."
	"Did it try to get in touch, after?"
	"Not that I know of. He had this idea that it was gone, sort of; not gone  
gone, but gone into  everything, the whole matrix. Like it wasn't in  cyberspace 
anymore, it just was. And if it didn't want you to see it, to know it was there, 
well, there was no way you ever could, and no way you'd ever be able to prove it 
to anybody else even if you did know. . . . And me, I didn't wanna know. I mean, 
whatever it was, it seemed done to me, finished. Armitage was dead, Riviera was 
dead, Ashpool was dead, the Rasta tug pilot who took us out there was back in 
Zion cluster and he'd probably written it all off as another ganja dream. . . . 
I left Case in the Tokyo Hyatt, never saw him again. . . ."
	"Why?"
	"Who knows? Nothing much. I was young, it just seemed over."
	"But you'd left her  up the well. In Straylight."
	"You got it. And I'd think about that, once in a while. When we were 
leaving, Finn, it was like she didn't care about any of it. Like I'd killed her 
crazy sick father for her, and Case had cracked their cores and let their AIs 
loose in the matrix . . . So I put her on the list, right? You get big enough 
trouble one day, you're being got at, you check that list."
	"And you figured it for her, right off?"
	"No. I gotta pretty long list."
	Case, who seemed to Kumiko to have been something more than Sally's 
partner, never reentered her story.
	As Kumiko listened to Sally condense fourteen years of personal history 
for the Finn's benefit, she found herself imagining this younger Sally as a 
bishonen  hero in a traditional romantic video: fey, elegant, and deadly. While 
she found Sally's matter-of-fact account of her life difficult to follow, with 
its references to places and things she didn't know, it was easy to imagine her 
winning the sudden, flick-of-the-wrist victories expected of bishonen . But no, 
she thought, as Sally dismissed "a bad year in Hamburg," sudden anger in her 
voice -- an old anger, the year a decade past -- it was a mistake to cast this 
woman in Japanese terms. There were no ronin , no wandering samurai; Sally and 
the Finn were talking business.
	She'd arrived at her bad year in Hamburg, Kumiko gathered, after having 
won and lost some sort of fortune. She'd won her share of it "up there," in a 
place the Finn had called Straylight, in partnership with the man Case. In doing 
so, she'd made an enemy.
	"Hamburg," the Finn interrupted, "I heard stories about Hamburg. . . ."
	"The money was gone. How it is, with a big score, when you're young . . . 
No money was sort of like getting back to normal, but I was involved with these 
Frankfurt people, owed 'em, and they wanted to take it out in trade."
	"What kinda trade?"
	"They wanted people hit."
	"So?"
	"So I got out. When I could. Went to London . . ."
	Perhaps, Kumiko decided, Sally had  once been something along ronin  
lines, a kind of samurai. In London, however, she'd become something else, a 
businesswoman. Supporting herself in some unspecified way, she gradually became 
a backer, providing funds for various kinds of business operations. (What was a 
"credit sink"? What was "laundering data"?)
	"Yeah," the Finn said, "you did okay. Got yourself a share in some German 
casino."
	"Aix-la-Chapelle. I was on the board. Still am, when I got the right 
passport."
	"Settled down?" The laugh again.
	"Sure."
	"Didn't hear much, back here."
	"I was running a casino. That was it. Doing fine."
	"You were prizefighting. 'Misty Steele,' augmented featherweight. Eight 
fights, I made book on five of 'em. Blood matches, sweetmeat. Illegal."
	"Hobby."
	"Some hobby. I saw the vids. Burmese Kid opened you right up, living color 
. . ."
	Kumiko remembered the long scar.
	"So I quit. Five years ago and I was already five years too old."
	"You weren't bad, but 'Misty Steele' . . . Jesus."
	"Gimme a break. Wasn't me made that one up."
	"Sure. So tell me about our friend upstairs, how she got in touch."
	"Swain. Roger Swain. Sends one of his boys to the casino, would-be hardass 
called Prior. About a month ago."
	"Swain the fixer? London?"
	"Same one. So Prior's got a present for me, about a meter of printout. A 
list. Names, dates, places."
	"Bad?"
	"Everything. Stuff I'd almost forgotten."
	"Straylight run?"
	"Everything. So I packed a bag, got back to London, there's Swain. He's 
sorry, it's not his fault, but he's gotta twist me. Because somebody's twisting 
him. Got his own meter of printout to worry about." Kumiko heard Sally's heels 
shift on the pavement.
	"What's he want?"
	"A rip, warm body. Celeb."
	"Why you?"
	"Come on, Finn, that's what I'm here to ask you ."
	"Swain tell you it's 3Jane?"
	"No. But my console cowboy in London did."
	Kumiko's knees ached.
	"The kid. Where'd you come by her?"
	"She turned up at Swain's place. Yanaka wanted her out of Tokyo. Swain 
owes him giri ."
	"She's clean, anyway, no implants. What I get out of Tokyo lately, Yanaka 
has his hands full. . . ."
	Kumiko shivered in the dark.
	"And the rip, the celeb?" the Finn continued.
	She felt Sally hesitate. "Angela Mitchell."
	The pink metronome swinging silently, left to right, right to left.
	"It's cold here, Finn."
	"Yeah. Wish I could feel it. I just took a little trip on your behalf. 
Memory Lane. You know much about where Angie comes from?"
	"No."
	"I'm in the oracle game, honey, not a research library. . . . Her father 
was Christopher Mitchell. He was the big shit in biochip research at Mass 
Biolabs. She grew up in a sealed compound of theirs in Arizona, company kid. 
About seven years ago, something happened down there. The street said Hosaka 
fielded a team of pros to help Mitchell make a major career move. The fax said 
there was a megaton blast on Maas property, but nobody ever found any radiation. 
Never found Hosaka's mercs, either. Maas announced that Mitchell was dead, 
suicide."
	"That's the library. What's the oracle know?"
	"Rumors. Nothing that hangs together on a line. Street said she turned up 
here a day or two after the blast in Arizona, got in with some very weird spades 
who worked out of New Jersey."
	"Worked what?"
	"They dealt. 'Ware, mostly. Buying, selling. Sometimes they bought from 
me. . . ."
	"How were they weird?"
	"Hoodoos. Thought the matrix was full of mambos 'n' shit. Wanna know 
something, Moll?"
	"What?"
	"They're right."



Mirror Mirror

She came out of it like somebody had thrown a switch.
	Didn't open her eyes. She could hear them talking in another room. Hurt 
lots of places but not any worse than the wiz had. The bad crash, that was gone, 
or maybe muted by whatever they'd given her, that spray.
	Paper smock coarse against her nipples; they felt big and tender and her 
breasts felt full. Little lines of pain tweaking across her face, twin dull 
aches in her eyesockets, sore rough feeling in her mouth and a taste of blood.
	"I'm not trying to tell you your business," Gerald was saying, above a 
running tap and a rattle of metal, like he was washing pans or something, "but 
you're kidding yourself if you think she'd fool anyone who didn't want to be 
fooled. It's really a very superficial job." Prior said something she couldn't 
make out. "I said superficial, not shoddy. That's quality work, all of it. 
Twenty-four hours on a dermal stimulator and you won't know she's been here. 
Keep her on the antibiotics and off stimulants; her immune system isn't all it 
could be." Then Prior again, but she still couldn't catch it.
	Opened her eyes but there was only the ceiling, white squares of acoustic 
tile. Turned her head to the left. White plastic wall with one of those fake 
windows, hi-rez animation of a beach with palm trees and waves; watch the water 
long enough and you'd see the same waves rolling in, looped, forever. Except the 
thing was broken or worn out, a kind of hesitation in the waves, and the red of 
the sunset pulsed like a bad fluorescent tube.
	Try right . Turning again, feeling the sweaty paper cover on the hard foam 
pillow against her neck . . .
	And the face with bruised eyes looking at her from the other bed, nose 
braced with clear plastic and micropore tape, some kind of brown jelly stuff 
smeared back across the cheekbones . . .
	Angie. It was Angie's face, framed by the reflected sunset stutter of the 
defective window.

"There was no bonework," Gerald said, carefully loosening the tape that held the 
little plastic brace in place along the bridge of her nose. "That was the beauty 
of it. We planed some cartilage in the nose, working in through the nostrils, 
then went on to the teeth. Smile. Beautiful. We did the breast augmentation, 
built up the nipples with vat-grown erectile tissue, then did the eye 
coloration. . . ." He removed the brace. "You mustn't touch this for another 
twenty-four hours."
	"That how I got the bruises?"
	"No. That's secondary trauma from the cartilage job." Gerald's fingers 
were cool on her face, precise. "That should clear up by tomorrow."
	Gerald was okay. He'd given her three derms, two blue and a pink, smooth 
and comfortable. Prior definitely wasn't okay, but he was gone or anyway out of 
sight. And it was just nice, listening to Gerald explain things in his calm 
voice. And look what he could do.
	"Freckles," she said, because they were gone.
	"Abrasion and more vat tissue. They'll come back, faster if you get too 
much sun. . . ."
	"She's so beautiful. . . ." She turned her head.
	"You, Mona. That's you."
	She looked at the face in the mirror and tried on that famous smile.

Maybe Gerald wasn't okay.
	Back in the narrow white bed again, where he'd put her to rest, she raised 
her arm and looked at the three derms. Trank. Floating.
	She worked a fingernail under the pink derm and peeled it off, stuck it on 
the white wall, and pushed hard with her thumb. A single bead of straw-colored 
fluid ran down. She carefully peeled it back and replaced it on her arm. The 
stuff in the blue ones was milky white. She put them back on too. Maybe he'd 
notice, but she wanted to know what was happening.
	She looked in the mirror. Gerald said he could put it back the way it was, 
someday, if she wanted him to, but then she wondered how he'd remember what 
she'd looked like. Maybe he'd taken a picture or something. Now that she thought 
about it, maybe there wasn't anybody who'd remember how she'd looked before. She 
guessed Michael's stim deck was probably the closest bet, but she didn't know 
his address or even his last name. It gave her a funny feeling, like who she'd 
been had wandered away down the street for a minute and never come back. But 
then she closed her eyes and knew she was Mona, always had been, and that 
nothing much had changed, anyway not behind her eyelids.
	Lanette said it didn't matter, how you got yourself changed. Lanette told 
her once that she didn't have 10 percent of her own face left, the one she'd 
been born with. Not that you'd guess, except for the black around her lids so 
she never had to mess with mascara. Mona had thought maybe Lanette hadn't got 
such good work done, and it must have shown once in Mona's eyes, because then 
Lanette said: You shoulda seen me before, honey.
	But now here she was, Mona, stretched out straight in this skinny bed in 
Baltimore, and all she knew about Baltimore was the sound of a siren from down 
in the street and the motor running on Gerald's air-conditioner.
	And somehow that turned into sleep, she didn't know for how long, and then 
Prior was there with his hand on her arm, asking her if she was hungry.
	       
She watched Prior shave his beard. He did it at the stainless surgical sink, 
trimming it back with a pair of chrome scissors. Then he switched to a white 
plastic throw-away razor from a box of them that Gerald had. It was strange 
watching his face come out. It wasn't a face she'd have expected: it was 
younger. But the mouth was the same.
	"We gonna be here much longer, Prior?"
	He had his shirt off for the shave; he had tattoos across his shoulders 
and down his upper arms, dragons with lion-heads. "Don't worry about it," he 
said.
	"It's boring."
	"We'll get you some stims." He was shaving under his chin.
	"What's Baltimore like?"
	"Bloody awful. Like the rest of it."
	"So what's England like?"
	"Bloody awful." He wiped his face with a thick wad of blue absorbent 
paper.
	"Maybe we could go out, get some of those crabs. Gerald says they got 
crabs."
	"They do," he said. "I'll get some in."
	"How about you take me out?"
	He tossed the blue wad into a steel waste canister. "No, you might try to 
run away."
	She slid her hand between the bed and the wall and found the torn foam air 
cell where she'd hidden the shockrod. She'd found her clothes in a white plastic 
bag. Gerald came in every couple of hours with fresh derms; she'd wring them out 
as soon as he'd gone. She'd figured if she could get Prior to take her out to 
eat, she could make a move in the restaurant. But he wasn't having any.
	In a restaurant she might even be able to get a cop, because now she 
figured she knew what the deal was.
	Snuff. Lanette had told her about that. How there were men who'd pay to 
have girls fixed up to look like other people, then kill them. Had to be rich, 
really rich. Not Prior, but somebody he worked for. Lanette said these guys had 
girls fixed to look like their wives sometimes. Mona hadn't really believed it, 
back then; sometimes Lanette told her scary stuff because it was fun to be 
scared when you knew you were pretty safe, and anyway Lanette had a lot of 
stories about weird kinks. She said suits were the weirdest of all, the big 
suits way up in big companies, because they couldn't afford to lose control when 
they were working. But when they weren't working, Lanette said, they could 
afford to lose it any way they wanted. So why not a big suit somewhere who 
wanted Angie that way? Well, there were lots of girls got themselves worked over 
to look like her, but they were mostly pathetic. Wannabes -- and she hadn't ever 
seen one who really looked much like Angie, anyway not enough to fool anybody 
who cared. But maybe there was somebody who'd pay for all this just to get a 
girl who did look like Angie. Anyway, if it wasn't snuff, what was it?
	Now Prior was buttoning his blue shirt. He came over to the bed and pulled 
the sheet down to look at her breasts. Like he was looking at a car or 
something.
	She yanked the sheet back up.
	"I'll get some crabs." He put his jacket on and went out. She could hear 
him saying something to Gerald.
	Gerald stuck his head in. "How are you, Mona?"
	"Hungry."
	"Feeling relaxed?"
	"Yeah . . ."
	When she was alone again, she rolled over and studied her face, Angie's 
face, in the mirrored wall. The bruising was almost gone. Gerald taped things 
like miniature trodes to her face and hooked them to a machine. Said they made 
it heal real fast.
	It didn't make her jump, now, Angie's face in the mirror. The teeth were 
nice; the teeth you'd wanna keep anyway. She wasn't sure about the rest, not 
yet.
	Maybe she should just get up now, get her clothes on, head for the door. 
If Gerald tried to stop her, she could use the rod. Then she remembered how 
Prior had turned up at Michael's, like he'd had somebody watching her, all 
night, following her. Maybe somebody watching now, outside. Gerald's place 
didn't seem to have any windows, not real ones, so she'd have to go out the 
door.
	And she was starting to want her wiz bad, too, but if she did even a 
little, Gerald would notice. She knew her kit was there, in her bag under the 
bed. Maybe if she did some, she thought, she'd just do  something. But maybe it 
wouldn't be the right thing; she had to admit that what she did on wiz didn't 
always work out, even though it made you feel like you couldn't make a mistake 
if you tried.
	Anyway, she was hungry, and too bad Gerald didn't have some kind of music 
or something, so maybe she'd just wait for that crab. . . .



In a Lonely Place

And Gentry standing there with the Shape burning behind his eyes, holding out 
the trode-net under the glare of bare bulbs, telling Slick why it had to be that 
way, why Slick had to put the trodes on and jack straight into whatever the gray 
slab was inputting to the still figure on the stretcher.
	He shook his head, remembering how he'd come to Dog Solitude. And Gentry 
started talking faster, taking the gesture for refusal.
	Gentry was saying Slick had to go under, he said maybe just for a few 
seconds, while he got a fix on the data and worked up a macroform. Slick didn't 
know how to do that, Gentry said, or he'd go under himself; it wasn't the data 
he wanted, just the overall shape, because he thought that would lead him to the 
Shape, the big one, the thing he'd chased for so long.
	Slick remembered crossing the Solitude on foot. He'd been scared that the 
Korsakov's would come back, that he'd forget where he was and drink cancer-water 
from the slimed red puddles on the rusty plain. Red scum and dead birds floating 
with their wings spread. The trucker from Tennessee had told him to walk west 
from the highway, he'd hit two-lane blacktop inside an hour and get a ride down 
to Cleveland, but it felt like longer than an hour now and he wasn't so sure 
which way was west and this place was spooking him, this junkyard scar like a 
giant had stomped it flat. Once he saw somebody far away, up on a low ridge, and 
waved. The figure vanished, but he walked that way, no longer trying to skirt 
the puddles, slogging through them, until he came to the ridge and saw that it 
was the wingless hulk of an airliner half-buried in rusted cans. He made his way 
up the incline along a path where feet had flattened the cans, to a square 
opening that had been an emergency exit. Stuck his head inside and saw hundreds 
of tiny heads suspended from the concave ceiling. He froze there, blinking in 
the sudden shade, until what he was seeing made some kind of sense. The pink 
plastic heads of dolls, their nylon hair tied up into topknots and the knots 
stuck into thick black tar, dangling like fruit. Nothing else, only a few ragged 
slabs of dirty green foam, and he knew he didn't want to stick around to find 
out whose place it was.
	He'd headed south then, without knowing it, and found Factory.
	"I'll never have another chance," Gentry said. Slick stared at the taut 
face, the eyes wide with desperation. "I'll never see it. . . ."
	And Slick remembered the time Gentry'd hit him, how he'd looked down at 
the wrench and felt . . . Well, Cherry wasn't right about them, but there was 
something else there, he didn't know what to call it. He snatched the trode-net 
with his left hand and shoved Gentry hard in the chest with his right. "Shut up! 
Shut the fuck up!" Gentry fell back against the steel table's edge.
	Slick cursed him softly as he fumbled the delicate net of contact 
dermatrodes across his forehead and temples.

Jacked in.

His boots crunched gravel.
	Opened his eyes and looked down; the gravel drive smooth in the dawn, 
cleaner than anything in Dog Solitude. He looked up and saw where it curved 
away, and beyond green and spreading trees the pitched slate roof of a house 
half the size of Factory. There were statues near him in the long wet grass. A 
deer made of iron, and a broken figure of a man's body carved from white stone, 
no head or arms or legs. Birds were singing and that was the only sound.
	He started walking up the drive, toward the gray house, because there 
didn't seem to be anything else to do. When he got to the head of the drive, he 
could see past the house to smaller buildings and a broad flat field of grass 
where gliders where staked against the wind.
	Fairytale , he thought, looking up at the mansion's broad stone brow, the 
leaded diamond panes; like some vid he'd seen when he was little. Were there 
really people who lived in places like this? But it  's not a place , he 
reminded himself, it only feels like it is .
	"Gentry," he said, "get my ass out of this, okay?"
	He studied the backs of his hands. Scars, ingrained grime, black half-
moons of grease under his broken nails. The grease got in and made them soft, so 
they broke easy.
	He started to feel stupid, standing there. Maybe somebody was watching him 
from the house. "Fuck it," he said, and started up the broad flagstone walk, 
unconsciously hitching his stride into the swagger he'd learned in the Deacon 
Blues.
	The door had this thing fastened to a central panel: a hand, small and 
graceful, holding a sphere the size of a poolball, all cast in iron. Hinged at 
the wrist so you could raise it and bring it down. He did. Hard. Twice, then 
twice again. Nothing happened. The doorknob was brass, floral detail worn almost 
invisible by years of use. It turned easily. He opened the door.
	He blinked at a wealth of color and texture; surfaces of dark polished 
wood, black and white marble, rugs with a thousand soft colors that glowed like 
church windows, polished silver, mirrors. . . . He grinned at the soft shock of 
it, his eyes pulled from one new sight to another, so many things, objects he 
had no name for. . . .
	"You looking for anyone in particular, Jack?"
	The man stood in front of a vast fireplace, wearing tight black jeans and 
a white T-shirt. His feet were bare and he held a fat glass bulb of liquor in 
his right hand. Slick blinked at him.
	"Shit," Slick said, "you're him. . . ."
	The man swirled the brown stuff up around the edges of the glass and took 
a swallow. "I expected Afrika to pull something like this eventually," he said, 
"but somehow, buddy, you don't look like his style of help."
	"You're the Count."
	"Yeah," he said, "I'm the Count. Who the fuck are you?"
	"Slick. Slick Henry."
	He laughed. "Want some cognac, Slick Henry?" He gestured with the glass 
toward a piece of polished wooden furniture where ornate bottles stood in a row, 
each one with a little silver tag hung around it on a chain.
	Slick shook his head.
	The man shrugged. "Can't get drunk on it anyway . . . Pardon my saying so, 
Slick, but you look like shit. Am I correct in guessing that you are not a part 
of Kid Afrika's operation? And if not, just what exactly are you doing here?"
	"Gentry sent me."
	"Gentry who?"
	"You're the guy on the stretcher, right?"
	"The guy on the stretcher is me. Where, exactly, right this minute, is 
that stretcher, Slick?"
	"Gentry's."
	"Where's that?"
	"Factory."
	"And where is that?  "
	"Dog Solitude."
	"And how did I happen to get there, wherever that is?"
	"Kid Afrika, he brought you. Brought you with this girl name of Cherry, 
right? See, I owed him a favor, so he wanted me to put you up awhile, you an' 
Cherry, and she's taking care of you."
	"You called me Count, Slick. . . ."
	"Cherry said Kid called you that once."
	"Tell me, Slick, did the Kid seem worried when he brought me?"
	"Cherry thought he got scared, back in Cleveland."
	"I'm sure he did. Who's this Gentry? A friend of yours?"
	"Factory's his place. I live there too. . . ."
	"This Gentry, is he a cowboy, Slick? A console jockey? I mean, if you're 
here, he must be technical, right?"
	Now it was Slick's turn to shrug. "Gentry's, like, he's an artist, kind 
of. Has these theories. Hard to explain. He rigged a set of splitters to that 
thing on the stretcher, what you're jacked into. First he tried to get an image 
on a holo rig, but there was just this monkey thing, sort of shadow, so he 
talked me into . . ."
	"Jesus . . . Well, never mind. This factory you're talking about, it's out 
in the sticks somewhere? It's relatively isolated?"
	Slick nodded.
	"And this Cherry, she's some kind of hired nurse?"
	"Yeah. Had a med-tech's ticket, she said."
	"And nobody's come looking for me yet?"
	"No."
	"That's good, Slick. Because if anyone does, other than my lying rat-
bastard friend Kid Afrika, you folks could find yourselves in serious trouble."
	"Yeah?"
	"Yeah. Listen to me, okay? I want you to remember this. If any company 
shows up at this factory of yours, your only hope in hell is to get me jacked 
into the matrix. You got that?"
	"How come you're the Count? I mean, what's it mean?"
	"Bobby. My name's Bobby. Count was my handle once, that's all. You think 
you'll remember what I told you?"
	Slick nodded again.
	"Good." He put his glass down on the thing with all the fancy bottles. 
"Listen," he said. From the open door came the sound of tires over gravel. "Know 
who that is, Slick? That's Angela Mitchell."
	Slick turned. Bobby the Count was looking out at the drive.
	"Angie Mitchell? The stim star? She's in this thing too?"
	"In a manner of speaking, Slick, in a manner of speaking . . ."
	Slick saw the long black car slide by. "Hey," he began, "Count, I mean 
Bobby, what d --"

"Easy," Gentry was saying, "just sit back. Easy. Easy . . ."



Back East

While Kelly and his assistants were assembling her wardrobe for the trip, she 
felt as though the house itself were stirring around her, preparing for one of 
its many brief periods of vacancy.
	She could hear their voices, from where she sat in the living room, their 
laughter. One of the assistants was a girl in a blue polycarbon exo that allowed 
her to carry the Herm wardrobe cases as though they were weightless blocks of 
foam, the humming skeleton suit padding softly down the stairs on its blunt 
dinosaur feet. Blue skeleton, leather coffins.
	Now Porphyre stood in the doorway. "Missy ready?" He wore a long, loose 
coat cut from tissue-thin black leather; rhinestone spurs glittered above the 
heels of black patent boots.
	"Porphyre," she said, "you're in mufti. We have an entrance to make, in 
New York."
	"The cameras are for you."
	"Yes," she said, "for my reinsertion."
	"Porphyre will keep well in the rear."
	"I've never known you to worry about upstaging anyone."
	He grinned, exposing sculpted teeth, streamlined teeth, an avant-garde 
dentist's fantasy of what teeth might be like in a faster, more elegant species.
	"Danielle Stark will be flying with us." She heard the sound of the 
approaching helicopter. "She's meeting us at LAX."
	"We'll strangle her," he said, his tone confidential, as he helped her on 
with the blue fox Kelly had selected. "If we promise to hint to the fax that the 
motive was sexual, she might even decide to play along. . . ."
	"You're horrid."
	"Danielle is a horror, missy."
	"Look who's talking."
	"Ah," said the hairdresser, narrowing his eyes, "but my soul is a 
child's."
	Now the helicopter was landing.

Danielle Stark, associated with stim versions of both Vogue-Nippon  and Vogue-
Europa , was widely rumored to be in her late eighties. If it were true, Angie 
thought, covertly inspecting the journalist's figure as the three of them 
boarded the Lear, Danielle and Porphyre would be on par for overall surgical 
modification. Apparently in her willowy early thirties, her only obvious 
augments were a pair of pale blue Zeiss implants. A young French fashion 
reporter had once referred to these as "modishly outdated"; the reporter, Net 
legend said, had never worked again.
	And soon, Angie knew, Danielle would want to talk drugs, celebrity drugs, 
the cornflower eyes schoolgirl-wide to take it all in.

Under Porphyre's daunting gaze, Danielle managed to contain herself until they 
were in cruise mode somewhere over Utah.
	"I was hoping," she began, "that I wouldn't have to be the one to bring it 
up."
	"Danielle," Angie countered, "I am  sorry. How thoughtless." She touched 
the veneered face of the Hosaka flight kitchen, which purred softly and began to 
dispense tiny plates of tea-smoked duck, gulf oysters on black-pepper toast, 
crayfish flan, sesame pancakes. . . . Porphyre, taking Angie's cue, produced a 
bottle of chilled Chablis -- Danielle's favorite, Angie now recalled. Someone -- 
Swift? -- had also remembered.
	"Drugs," Danielle said, fifteen minutes later, finishing the last of the 
duck.
	"Don't worry," Porphyre assured her. "When you get to New York, they have 
anything you want."
	Danielle smiled. "You're so amusing. Do you know I've a copy of your birth 
certificate? I know your real name." She looked at him meaningfully, still 
smiling.
	" 'Sticks and stones,' " he said, topping up her glass.
	"Interesting notation regarding congenital defects." She sipped her wine.
	"Congenital, genital . . . We all change so much  these days, don't we? 
Who's been doing your hair, dear?" He leaned forward. "Your saving grace, 
Danielle, is that you make the rest of your kind look vaguely human."
	Danielle smiled.

The interview itself went smoothly enough; Danielle was too skilled an 
interviewer to allow her feints to cross the pain threshold, where they might 
rally serious resistance. But when she brushed a fingertip back across her 
temple, depressing a subdermal switch that deactivated her recording gear, Angie 
tensed for the real onslaught.
	"Thank you," Danielle said. "The rest of the flight, of course, is off the 
record."
	"Why don't you just have another bottle or two and turn in?" Porphyre 
asked.
	"What I don't see, dear," Danielle said, ignoring him, "is why you 
bothered . . . ."
	"Why I bothered, Danielle?"
	"Going to that tedious clinic at all. You've said it didn't affect your 
work. You've also said there was no 'high,' not in the usual sense." She 
giggled. "Though you do maintain that it was such a terribly addictive 
substance. Why did  you decide to quit?"
	"It was terribly expensive. . . ."
	"In your case, surely, that's academic."
	True ,  Angie thought, though a week of it did cost something in the 
vicinity of your annual salary .
	"I suppose I began to resent paying to feel normal. Or a poor 
approximation of normal."
	"Did you build up a tolerance?"
	"No."
	"How odd."
	"Not really. These designers provide substances that supposedly bypass the 
traditional drawbacks."
	"Ah. But what about the new drawbacks, the now  drawbacks?" Danielle 
poured herself more wine. "I've heard another version of all this, of course."
	"You have?"
	"Of course I have. What it was, who made it, why you quit."
	"Yes?"
	"It was an antipsychotic, produced in Sense/Net's own labs. You quit 
taking it because you'd rather be crazy."
	Porphyre gently took the glass from Danielle's hand as her lids fluttered 
heavily over the brilliant blue eyes. "Nightie-night, dear," he said. Danielle's 
eyes closed and she began to snore gently.
	"Porphyre, what -- ?"
	"I dosed her wine," he said. "She won't know the difference, missy. She 
won't remember anything she didn't record. . . ." He grinned broadly. "You 
really didn't want to have to listen to this bitch all the way back, did you?"
	"But she'll know, Porphyre!"
	"No, she won't. We'll tell her she killed three bottles by herself and 
made a disgusting mess in the washroom. And she'll feel  like it, too." He 
giggled.

Danielle Stark was still snoring, quite loudly now, in one of the two swing-down 
bunks in the rear of the cabin.
	"Porphyre," Angie said, "do you think she might've been right?"
	The hairdresser gazed at her with his gorgeous, inhuman eyes. "And you 
wouldn't have known?"
	"I don't know. . . ."
	He sighed. "Missy worries too much. You're free now. Enjoy it."
	"I do hear voices, Porphyre."
	"Don't we all, missy?"
	"No," she said, "not like mine. Do you know anything about African 
religions, Porphyre?"
	He smirked. "I'm not African."
	"But when you were a child . . ."
	"When I was a child," Porphyre said, "I was white."
	"Oh . . ."
	He laughed. "Religions, missy?"
	"Before I came to the Net, I had friends. In New Jersey. They were black 
and . . . religious."
	He smirked again and rolled his eyes. "Hoodoo sign, missy? Chickenbone and 
pennyroyal oil?"
	"You know it isn't like that."
	"And if I do?"
	"Don't tease me, Porphyre. I need you."
	"Missy has me. And yes, I know what you mean. And those  are your voices?"
	"They were. After I began to use the dust, they went away. . . ."
	"And now?"
	"They're gone." But the impulse was past now, and she cringed from trying 
to tell him about Grande Brigitte and the drug in the jacket.
	"Good," he said. "That's good, missy."

The Lear began its descent over Ohio. Porphyre was staring at the bulkhead, 
still as a statue. Angie looked out at the cloud-country below as it rose toward 
them, remembering the game she'd played on airplanes as a child, sending an 
imaginary Angie out to romp through cloud-canyons and over fluffy peaks grown 
magically solid. Those planes had belonged to Maas-Neotek, she supposed. From 
the Maas corporate jets she'd gone on to Net Lears. She knew commercial 
airliners only as locations for her stims: New York to Paris on the maiden 
flight of JAL's restored Concorde, with Robin and a hand-picked party of Net 
people.
	Descending. Were they over New Jersey yet? Did the children swarming the 
rooftop playgrounds of Beauvoir's arcology hear the Lear's engine? Did the sound 
of her passage sweep faintly over the condos of Bobby's childhood? How 
unthinkably intricate the world was, in sheer detail of mechanism, when 
Sense/Net's corporate will shook tiny bones in the ears of unknown, unknowing 
children. . . .
	"Porphyre knows certain things," he said, very softly. "But Porphyre needs 
time to think, missy. . . ."
	They were banking for the final approach.



Kuromaku

And Sally was silent, on the street and in the cab, all the long cold way back 
to their hotel.
	Sally and Swain were being blackmailed by Sally's enemy "up the well." 
Sally was being forced to kidnap Angie Mitchell. The thought of someone's 
abducting the Sense/Net star struck Kumiko as singularly unreal, as if someone 
were plotting to assassinate a figure out of myth.
	The Finn had implied that Angie herself was already involved, in some 
mysterious way, but he had used words and idioms Kumiko hadn't understood. 
Something in cyberspace; people forming pacts with a thing or things there. The 
Finn had known a boy who became Angie's lover; but wasn't Robin Lanier her 
lover? Kumiko's mother had allowed her to run several of the Angie and Robin 
stims. The boy had been a cowboy, a data thief, like Tick in London. . . .
	And what of the enemy, the blackmailer? She was mad, Finn said, and her 
madness had brought about the decline of her family's fortunes. She lived alone, 
in her ancestral home, the house called Straylight. What had Sally done to earn 
her enmity? Had she really killed this woman's father? And who were the others, 
the others . . . .
	And had Sally learned what she'd wanted to learn, in visiting the Finn? 
Kumiko had waited, finally, for some pronouncement from the armored shrine, but 
the exchange had wound down to nothing, to a gaijin ritual of joking goodbyes.

In the hotel lobby, Petal was waiting in a blue velour armchair. Dressed for 
travel, his bulk encased in three-piece gray wool, he rose from the chair like 
some strange balloon as they entered, eyes mild as ever behind steel-rimmed 
glasses.
	"Hello," he said, and coughed. "Swain's sent me after you. Only to mind 
the girl, you see."
	"Take her back," Sally said. "Now. Tonight."
	"Sally! No!" But Sally's hand was already locked firmly around Kumiko's 
upper arm, pulling her toward the entrance to the darkened lounge off the lobby.
	"Wait there," Sally snapped at Petal. "Listen to me," she said, tugging 
Kumiko around a corner, into shadow. "You're going back. I can't keep you here 
now."
	"But I don't like it there. I don't like Swain, or his house. . . . I . . 
."
	"Petal's okay," Sally said, leaning close and speaking quickly. "In a 
pinch, I'd say trust him. Swain, well, you know what Swain is, but he's your 
father's. Whatever comes down, I think they'll keep you out of the way. But if 
it gets bad, really bad, go to the pub where we met Tick. The Rose and Crown. 
Remember?"
	Kumiko nodded, her eyes filling with tears.
	"If Tick's not there, find a barman named Bevan and mention my name."
	"Sally, I . . ."
	"You're okay," Sally said, and kissed her abruptly, one of her lenses 
brushing for an instant against Kumiko's cheekbone, startlingly cold and 
unyielding. "Me, baby, I'm gone."
	And she was, into the muted tinkle of the lounge, and Petal cleared his 
throat in the entranceway.

The flight back to London was like a very long subway ride. Petal passed the 
time inscribing words, a letter at a time, in some idiotic puzzle in an English 
fax, grunting softly to himself. Eventually she slept, and dreamed of her 
mother. . . .
	       
	"Heater's working," Petal said, driving back to Swain's from Heathrow. It 
was uncomfortably warm in the Jaguar, a dry heat that smelled of leather and 
made her sinuses ache. She ignored him, staring out at the wan morning light, at 
roofs shining black through melting snow, rows of chimneypots. . . .
	"He's not angry with you, you know," Petal said. "He feels a special 
responsibility. . . ."
	"Giri ."
	"Er . . . yes. Responsible, you see. Sally's never been what you'd call 
predictable, really, but we didn't expect --"
	"I don't wish to talk, thank you."
	His small worried eyes in the mirror.

The crescent was lined with parked cars, long silver-gray cars with tinted 
windows.
	"Seeing a lot of visitors this week," Petal said, parking opposite number 
17. He got out, opened the door for her. She followed him numbly across the 
street and up the gray steps, where the black door was opened by a squat, red-
faced man in a tight dark suit, Petal brushing past him as though he weren't 
there.
	"Hold on," red-face said. "Swain'll see her now. . . ."
	The man's words brought Petal up short; with a grunt, he spun around with 
disconcerting speed and caught the man by his lapel.
	"In future show some fucking respect," Petal said, and though he hadn't 
raised his voice, somehow all of its weary gentleness was gone. Kumiko heard 
stitches pop.
	"Sorry, guv." The red face was carefully blank. "He told me to tell you."
	"Come along then," Petal said to her, releasing his grip on the dark 
worsted lapel. "He'll just want to say hello."
	They found Swain seated at a three-meter oak refectory table in the room 
where she'd first seen him, the dragons of rank buttoned away behind white 
broadcloth and a striped silk tie. His eyes met hers as she entered, his long-
boned face shadowed by a green-shaded brass reading lamp that stood beside a 
small console and a thick sheaf of fax on the table. "Good," he said, "and how 
was the Sprawl?"
	"I'm very tired, Mr. Swain. I wish to go to my room."
	"We're glad to have you back, Kumiko. The Sprawl's a dangerous place. 
Sally's friends there probably aren't the sort of people your father would want 
you to associate with."
	"May I go to my room now?"
	 "Did you meet any of Sally's friends, Kumiko?"
	"No."
	"Really? What did you do?"
	"Nothing."
	"You mustn't be angry with us, Kumiko. We're protecting you."
	"Thank you. May I go to my room now?"
	"Of course. You must be very tired."
	Petal followed her from the room, carrying her bag, his gray suit creased 
and wrinkled from the flight. She was careful not to glance up as they passed 
beneath the blank gaze of the marble bust where the Maas-Neotek unit might still 
be hidden, though with Swain and Petal in the room she could think of no way to 
retrieve it.

There was a new sense of movement in the house, brisk and muted: voices, 
footsteps, the rattle of the lift, the chattering of pipes as someone drew a 
bath.
	She sat at the foot of the huge bed, staring at the black marble tub. 
Residual images of New York seemed to hover at the borders of her vision; if she 
closed her eyes, she found herself back in the alley, squatting beside Sally. 
Sally, who'd sent her away. Who hadn't looked back. Sally, whose name had once 
been Molly, or Misty, or both. Again, her unworthiness. Sumida, her mother 
adrift in black water. Her father. Sally.
	Moments later, driven by a curiosity that pushed aside her shame, she rose 
from where she lay, brushed her hair, zipped her feet into thin black rubber 
toe-socks with ridged plastic soles, and went very quietly out into the 
corridor. When the lift arrived, it stank of cigarette smoke.
	Red-face was pacing the blue-carpeted foyer when she emerged from the 
lift, his hands in the pockets of his tight black jacket. " 'Ere," he said, 
raising his eyebrows, "you need something?"
	"I'm hungry," she said, in Japanese. "I'm going to the kitchen."
	" 'Ere," he said, removing his hands from his pockets and straightening 
the front of his jacket, "you speak English?"
	"No," she said, and walked straight past him down the corridor and around 
the corner. " 'Ere," she heard him say, rather more urgently, but she was 
already groping behind the white bust.
	She managed to slip the unit into her pocket as he rounded the corner. He 
surveyed the room automatically, hands held loosely at his sides, in a way that 
suddenly reminded her of her father's secretaries.
	"I'm hungry," she said, in English.
	Five minutes later, she'd returned to her room with a large and very 
British-looking orange; the English seemed to place no special value on the 
symmetry of fruit. Closing the door behind her, she put the orange on the wide 
flat rim of the black tub and took the Maas-Neotek unit from her pocket.
	"Quickly now," Colin said, tossing his forelock as he came into focus, 
"open it and reset the A/B throw to A. The new regime has a technician making 
the rounds, scanning for bugs. Once you've changed that setting, it shouldn't 
read as a listening device." She did as he said, using a hairpin.
	"What do you mean," she asked, mouthing the words without voicing them, " 
'the new regime'?"
	"Haven't you noticed? There are at least a dozen staff now, not to mention 
numerous visitors. Well, I suppose it's less a new regime than an upgrading of 
procedure. Your Mr. Swain is quite a social man, in his covert way. You've one 
conversation there, Swain and the deputy head of Special Branch, that I imagine 
numerous people would kill for, not least of them the aforementioned official."
	"Special Branch?"
	"The secret police. Bloody odd company he keeps, Swain: Buck House types, 
czars from the East End rookeries, senior police officers . . ."
	"Buck House?"
	"The Palace. Not to mention merchant bankers from the City, a simstim 
star, a drove or two of expensive panders and drug merchants . . ."
	"A simstim star?"
	"Lanier, Robin Lanier."
	"Robin Lanier? He was here?"
	"Morning after your precipitous departure."
	She looked into Colin's transparent green eyes. "Are you telling me the 
truth?"
	"Yes."
	"Do you always?"
	"To the extent that I know it, yes."
	"What are you?"
	"A Maas-Neotek biochip personality-base programmed to aid and advise the 
Japanese visitor in the United Kingdom." He winked at her.
	"Why did you wink?"
	"Why d'you think?"
	"Answer the question!" Her voice loud in the mirrored room.
	The ghost touched his lips with a slim forefinger. "I'm something else as 
well, yes. I do display a bit too much initiative for a mere guide program. 
Though the model I'm based on is top of the line, extremely sophisticated. I 
can't tell you exactly what I am, though, because I don't know."
	"You don't know?" Again subvocally, carefully.
	"I know all sorts of things," he said, and went to one of the dormer 
windows. "I know that a serving table in Middle Temple Hall is said to be made 
from the timbers of the Golden Hind;  that you climb one hundred and twenty-
eight steps to the walkways of Tower Bridge; that in Wood Street, right of 
Cheapside, is a plane tree thought to have been the one in which Wordsworth's 
thrush sang loud. . . ." He spun suddenly to face her. "It isn 't , though, 
because the current tree was cloned from the original in 1998. I know all that, 
you see, and more, a very great deal more. I could, for instance, teach you the 
rudiments of snooker. That is  what I am, or rather what I was intended to be, 
originally. But I'm something else as well, and very likely something to do with 
you. I don't know what. I really don't."
	"You were a gift from my father. Do you communicate with him?"
	"Not to my knowledge."
	"You didn't inform him of my departure?"
	"You don't understand," he said. "I wasn't aware of your having been away, 
until you activated me a moment ago."
	"But you've been recording. . . ."
	"Yes, but not aware of it. I'm only 'here' when you activate me. Then I 
evaluate the current data. . . . One thing you can be fairly certain of, though, 
is that it simply isn't possible to broadcast any sort of signal from this house 
without Swain's snoops detecting it immediately."
	"Could there be more  of you, I mean another one, in the same unit?"
	"Interesting idea, but no, barring some harrowing secret breakthrough in 
technology. I'm pushing the current envelope a bit as it is, considering the 
size of my hardware. I know that from my store of general background 
information."
	She looked down at the unit in her hand. "Lanier," she said. "Tell me."
	"Ten/twenty-five/sixteen: A.M.," he said. Her head filled with disembodied 
voices. . . .
	PETAL: If you'll follow me please, sir . . .
	SWAIN: Come into the billiard room.
	THIRD VOICE: You'd better have a reason for this, Swain. There are three 
Net men waiting in the car. Security will have your address in their database 
until hell freezes over.
	PETAL: Lovely car that is, sir, the Daimler. Take your coat?
	THIRD VOICE: What is it, Swain? Why couldn't we meet at Brown's?
	SWAIN: Take your coat off, Robin. She's gone.
	THIRD VOICE: Gone?
	SWAIN: To the Sprawl. Early this morning.
	THIRD VOICE: But it isn't time. . . .
	SWAIN: You think I sent her there?
	The man's reply was hollow, indistinct, lost behind a closing door. "That 
was Lanier?" Kumiko asked silently.
	"Yes," Colin replied. "Petal mentioned him by name in an earlier 
conversation. Swain and Lanier spent twenty-five minutes together."
	Sound of a latch, movement.
	SWAIN: Bloody cock-up, not mine. I warned you about her, told you to warn 
them. Born killer, probably psychopathic . . .
	LANIER: And your problem, not mine. You need their product and my 
cooperation.
	SWAIN: And what's your  problem, Lanier? Why are you in this? Just to get 
Mitchell out of the way?
	LANIER: Where's my coat?
	SWAIN: Petal, Mr. Lanier's bloody coat.
	PETAL: Sir.
	LANIER: I have the impression they want your razorgirl as badly as they 
want Angie. She's definitely part of the payoff. They'll be taking her, too.
	SWAIN: Good luck to them, then. She's already in position, in the Sprawl. 
Spoke with her on the phone an hour ago. I'll be putting her together with my 
man over there, the one who's been arranging for the . . . girl. And you'll be 
going back over yourself?
	LANIER: This evening.
	SWAIN: Well, then, not to worry.
	LANIER: Goodbye, Swain.
	PETAL: He's a right bastard, that one.
	SWAIN: I don't like this, really. . . .
	PETAL: You like the goods though, don't you?
	SWAIN: Can't complain there, but why d'you think they want Sally as well?
	PETAL: Christ knows. They're welcome to her. . . .
	SWAIN: They. I don't like 'theys'. . . .
	PETAL: They mightn't be terribly happy to know she'd gone there on her own 
stick, with Yanaka's daughter. . . .
	SWAIN: No. But we have Miss Yanaka back again. Tomorrow I'll tell Sally 
that Prior's in Baltimore, getting the girl into shape. . . .
	PETAL: That's an ugly business, that is. . . .
	SWAIN: Bring a pot of coffee to the study.

She lay on her back, eyes closed, Colin's recordings unspooling in her head, 
direct input to the auditory nerves. Swain seemed to conduct the better part of 
his dealings in the billiard room, which meant that she heard people arriving 
and departing, heads and tails of conversations. Two men, one of whom might have 
been the red-faced man, held an interminable discussion of dog racing and 
tomorrow's odds. She listened with special interest as Swain and the man from 
Special Branch (SB, Swain called it) settled an article of business directly 
beneath the marble bust, as the man was preparing to leave. She interrupted this 
segment half-a-dozen times to request clarification. Colin made educated 
guesses.
	"This is a very corrupt country," she said at last, deeply shocked.
	"Perhaps no more than your own," he said.
	"But what is Swain paying these people with?"
	"Information. I would say that our Mr. Swain has recently come into 
possession of a very high-grade source of intelligence and is busy converting it 
into power. On the basis of what we've heard, I'd hazard that this has probably 
been his line of work for some time. What's apparent, though, is that he's 
moving up, getting bigger. There's internal evidence that he's currently a much 
more important man than he was a week ago. Also, we have the fact of the 
expanded staff. . . ."
	"I must tell . . . my friend."
	"Shears? Tell her what?"
	"What Lanier said. That she would be taken, along with Angela Mitchell."
	"Where is she, then?"
	"The Sprawl. A hotel . . ."
	"Phone her. But not from here. D'you have money?"
	"A Mitsubank chip."
	"No good in our phones, sorry. Have any coin?"
	She got up from the bed and sorted carefully through the odd bits of 
English money that had accumulated at the bottom of her purse. "Here," she said, 
coming up with a thick gilt coin, "ten pounds."
	"Need two of those to make a local  call." She tossed the brassy tenner 
back into her purse. "No, Colin. Not the phone. I know a better way. I want to 
leave here. Now. Today. Will you help me?"
	 "Certainly," he said, "though I advise you not to."
	"But I will."
	"Very well. How do you propose to go about it?"
	"I'll tell them," she said, "that I need to go shopping."



Bad Lady

The woman must've gotten in sometime after midnight, she figured later, because 
it was after Prior came back with the crabs, the second bag of crabs. They 
really did have some good crabs in Baltimore, and coming off a run always gave 
her an appetite, so she'd talked him into going back for some more. Gerald kept 
coming in to change the derms on her arms; she'd give him her best goofy smile 
every time, squish the trank out of them when he'd gone, and then stick them 
back on. Finally Gerald said she should get some sleep; he put out the lights 
and turned down the fake window to its lowest setting, a bloodred sunset.
	When she was alone again, she slid her hand between the bed and the wall, 
found the shockrod in its hole in the foam.
	She fell asleep without meaning to, the red glow of the window like a 
sunset in Miami, and she must've dreamed of Eddy, or anyway of Hooky Green's, 
dancing with somebody up there on the thirty-third floor, because when the crash 
woke her, she wasn't sure where she was, but she had this very clear map of the 
way out of Hooky Green's, like she knew she'd better take the stairs because 
there must be some kind of trouble. . . .
	She was half out of bed when Prior came through the door, like really 
through  it, because it was still shut when he hit it. He came through it 
backward and it just went to splinters and honeycomb chunks of cardboard.
	She saw him hit the wall, and then the floor, and then he wasn't moving 
anymore, and someone else was there in the doorway, backlit from the other room, 
and all she could see of the face were these two curves of reflected red light 
from that fake sunset.
	Pulled her legs back into bed and sank back against the wall, her hand 
sliding down to . . .
	"Don't move, bitch." There was something real scary about that voice, 
because it was too fucking cheerful , like throwing Prior through that door had 
been kind of a treat. "I mean really  don't move. . . ." And the woman was 
across the room in three strides, very close, so close that Mona felt the cold 
coming off the leather of the woman's jacket.
	"Okay," Mona said, "okay . . ."
	Then hands grabbed her, fast , and she was flat on her back, shoulders 
pressed down hard into the foam, and something -- the shockrod -- was right in 
front of her face.
	"Where'd you get this little thing?"
	"Oh," Mona said, like it was something she might've seen once but 
forgotten about, "it was in my boyfriend's jacket. I borrowed his jacket. . . ."
	Mona's heart was pounding. There was something about those glasses. . . .
	"Did shithead know you had this little thing?"
	"Who?"
	"Prior," the woman said, and let go of her, turning. Then she was kicking 
him, kicking Prior over and over, hard. "No," she said, stopping as abruptly as 
she'd begun, "I don't think Prior knew."
	Then Gerald was in the doorway, just like nothing had happened, except he 
was looking ruefully at the part of the door that was still on the frame, 
rubbing his thumb over an edge of splintered laminate. "Coffee, Molly?"
	"Two coffees, Gerald," the woman said, examining the shockrod. "Mine's 
black."

Mona sipped her coffee and studied the woman's clothes and hair while they 
waited for Prior to wake up. At least that's what they seemed to be doing. 
Gerald was gone again. She wasn't much like anybody Mona'd seen before; Mona 
couldn't place her on the style map at all, except she must've had some money. 
The hair was European; Mona'd seen it like that in a magazine; she was pretty 
sure it wasn't this season's style anywhere, but it went okay with the glasses, 
which were insets, planted right in the skin. Mona'd seen a cabbie in Cleveland 
had those. And she wore this short jacket, very dark brown, too plain for Mona's 
taste but obviously new, with a big white sheepskin collar, open now over a 
weird green thing trussed across her breasts and stomach like armor, which was 
what Mona figured it probably was, and jeans cut from some kind of gray-green 
mossy suede, thick and soft, and Mona thought they were the best thing about her 
outfit, she could've gone for a pair of those herself, except the boots spoiled 
them, these knee-high black boots, the kind bike racers wore, with thick yellow 
rubber soles and big straps across the insteps, chrome buckles all up and down, 
horrible clunky toes. And where'd she get that nail color, that burgundy? Mona 
didn't think they even made that anymore.
	"What the hell are you looking at?"
	"Uh . . . your boots."
	"So?"
	"They don't make it with your pants."
	"Wore 'em to kick the shit out of Prior."
	Prior moaned on the floor and started trying to throw up. It made Mona 
feel kind of sick herself, so she said she was going to go to the bathroom.
	"Don't try to leave." The woman seemed to be watching Prior, over the rim 
of her white china cup, but with those glasses, it was hard to be sure.

Somehow she found herself in the bathroom with her purse on her lap. She 
hurried, getting the hit together; didn't grind it fine enough, so it burned the 
back of her throat, but like Lanette used to say, you don't always have time for 
the niceties. And anyway, wasn't that all a lot better now? There was a little 
shower in Gerald's bathroom, but it looked like it hadn't been used for a long 
time. She took a closer look and saw gray mold growing around the drain, and 
spots that looked like dried blood.
	When she came back, the woman was dragging Prior into one of the other 
rooms, pulling him by his feet. He had socks on, no shoes, Mona noticed now, 
like maybe he'd had his feet up to sleep. His blue shirt had blood on it and his 
face was all bruised.
	What Mona felt, as the rush kicked in, was a bright and innocent 
curiosity. "What are you doing?"
	"I think I'll have to wake him up," the woman said, like she was on the 
subway, talking about another passenger who was about to miss his stop. Mona 
followed her into the room where Gerald did his work, everything clean and 
hospital white; she watched as the woman got Prior up into a sort of chair like 
in a salon, with levers and buttons and things. It isn 't like she 's that 
strong , Mona thought, it  's like she knows which way to throw the weight . 
Prior's head fell to the side as the woman fastened a black strap across his 
chest. Mona was starting to feel sorry for him, but then she remembered Eddy.
	"What is it?" The woman was filling a white plastic container with water 
from a chrome tap.
	Mona just kept trying to say it, feeling her heart race out of control on 
the wiz. He killed Eddy , she kept trying to say, but it wouldn't come out. But 
then it must have, because the woman said, "Yeah, he'll do that sort of thing . 
. . if you let him." She threw the water over Prior, into his face and all down 
his shirt; his eyes snapped open and the white of the left one was solid red; 
the metal prongs of the shockrod snapped white sparks when the woman pressed it 
against the wet blue shirt. Prior screamed.

Gerald had to get down on his hands and knees to pull her out from under the 
bed. He had cool, very gentle hands. She couldn't remember how she'd gotten 
under there, but now everything was quiet. Gerald had on a gray topcoat and dark 
glasses.
	"You're going with Molly now, Mona," he said.
	She started to shake.
	"I think I'd better give you something for your nerves."
	She jerked back, out of his grip. "No! Don't fucking touch me!"
	"Leave it, Gerald," the woman said from the door. "It's time you go now."
	"I don't think you know what you're doing," he said, "but good luck."
	"Thanks. Think you'll miss the place?"
	"No. I was going to retire soon anyway."
	"So was I," the woman said, and then Gerald left, without even a nod for 
Mona.
	"Got any clothes?" the woman asked Mona. "Get 'em on. We're leaving too."
	Dressing, Mona found she couldn't button her dress over her new breasts, 
so she left it open, putting Michael's jacket on and sipping it up to her chin.



Company

Sometimes he just needed to stand there and look up at the Judge, or squat on 
the concrete beside the Witch. It held back the memory-stutter, to do that. Not 
the fugues, the real flashbacks, but this jerky unfocused feeling he got, like 
the memory tape kept slipping in his head, losing minute increments of 
experience . . . So he was doing that now, and it was working, and finally he 
noticed Cherry was there beside him.
	Gentry was up in the loft with the shape he'd captured, what he called a 
macroform node, and he'd hardly listened to what Slick had tried to tell him 
about the house and that whole place and Bobby the Count.
	So Slick had come down here to crouch next to an Investigator in the cold 
and dark, retracing all the things he'd done with so many different tools, and 
where he'd scrounged each part, and then Cherry reached out and touched his 
cheek with her cold hand.
	"You okay?" she asked. "I thought maybe it was happening to you again. . . 
."
	"No. It's just I gotta come down here, sometimes."
	"He plugged you into the Count's box, didn't he?"
	"Bobby," Slick said, "that's his name. I saw him."
	"Where?"
	"In there. It's a whole world. There's this house, like a castle or 
something, and he's there."
	"By himself?"
	"He said Angie Mitchell's in there too. . . ."
	"Maybe he's crazy. Is she?"
	"I didn't see her. Saw a car he said was hers."
	"She's in some celebrity detox place in Jamaica, last I heard."
	He shrugged. "I dunno."
	"What's he like?"
	"He looked younger. Anybody'd look bad with all those tubes 'n' shit in 
'em. He figured Kid Afrika dumped him here because he got scared. He said if 
anybody comes looking for him, we jack him into the matrix."
	"Why?"
	"Dunno."
	"You shoulda asked him."
	He shrugged again. "Seen Bird anywhere?"
	"No."
	"Shoulda been back already . . ." He stood up.

Little Bird came back at dusk, on Gentry's bike, the dark wings of his hair damp 
with snow and flapping behind him as he roared in across the Solitude. Slick 
winced; Little Bird was in the wrong gear. Little Bird jolted up an incline of 
compacted oildrums and hit the brakes when he should've gunned it. Cherry gasped 
as Bird and the bike separated in midair; the bike seemed to hang there for a 
second before it somersaulted into the rusted sheet-metal tangle that had been 
one of Factory's outbuildings, and Little Bird was rolling over and
over on the ground.
	Somehow Slick never heard the crash. He was standing beside Cherry in the 
shelter of a doorless loading bay -- then he was sprinting across snow-flecked 
rust to the fallen rider, no transition. Little Bird lay on his back with blood 
on his lips, his mouth partially hidden by the jumble of thongs and amulets he 
wore around his neck.
	"Don't touch him," Cherry said. "Ribs may be broken, or he's mashed up 
inside. . . ."
	Little Bird's eyes opened at the sound of her voice. He pursed his lips 
and spat blood and part of a tooth.
	"Don't move," Cherry said, kneeling beside him and switching to the crisp 
diction she'd learned in med-tech school. "You may have been injured. . . ."
	"F-fuck it, lady," he managed, and struggled stiffly up, with Slick's 
help.
	"All right, asshole," she said, "hemorrhage. See if I give a shit."
	"Didn't get it," Little Bird said, smearing blood across his face with the 
back of his hand, "the truck."
	"I can see that," Slick said.
	"Marvie 'n' them, they got company. Like flies on shit. Couple of hovers 
'n' a copter 'n' shit. All these guys."
	"What kind of guys?"
	"Like soldiers, but they're not. Soldier'll goof around, bullshit, crack 
jokes when nobody important's looking. But not them."
	"Cops?" Marvie and his two brothers grew mutant ruderalis in a dozen half-
buried railway tankcars; sometimes they tried to cook primitive amine compounds, 
but their lab kept blowing up. They were the nearest thing Factory had to 
permanent neighbors. Six kilometers.
	"Cops?" Little Bird spat another tooth chip and gingerly probed his mouth 
with a bloody finger. "They aren't doin' anything against the law. Anyway, cops 
can't afford shit like that, new hovers, new Honda. . . ." He grinned through a 
film of blood and spittle. "I hung off in the Solitude 'n' scoped 'em good. 
Nobody I'd wanna talk to, or you either. Guess I really fucked Gentry's bike, 
huh?"
	"Don't worry about it," Slick said. "I think his mind's on something 
else."
	"Tha's good. . . ." He staggered in the direction of Factory, nearly fell, 
caught himself, continued.
	"He's higher'n a kite," Cherry said.
	"Hey, Bird," Slick called, "what happened to that bag of shit I gave you 
to give Marvie?"
	Bird swayed, turned. "Lost it . . ." Then he was gone, around a corner of 
corrugated steel.
	"Maybe he's making that up," Cherry said. "About those guys. Or seeing 
things."
	"I doubt it," Slick said, pulling her into deeper shadow as an unlit black 
Honda swung down toward Factory out of winter twilight.

He heard the Honda making its fifth pass over Factory as he pounded up the 
quaking stairs, the iron roof rattling with the copter's passage. Well, he 
thought, that should anyway bring it to Gentry's attention that they had 
visitors. He took the fragile catwalk in ten long, slow steps; he was beginning 
to wonder if they'd ever be able to get the Count and his stretcher back out 
without having to weld extra I-bar across the span.
	He went into the bright loft without knocking. Gentry was sitting at a 
workbench, his head cocked to one side, staring up at the plastic skylights. The 
bench was littered with bits of hardware and small tools.
	"Helicopter," Slick said, panting from the climb.
	"Helicopter," Gentry agreed, nodding thoughtfully, his disheveled 
roostertail bobbing. "They seem to be looking for something."
	"I think they just found it."
	"Could be the Fission Authority."
	"Bird saw people at Marvie's. Saw that copter there too. You weren't 
paying much attention when I tried to tell you what he said."
	"Bird?" Gentry looked down at the small bright things on the workbench. 
Picked up two fittings and twisted them together.
	"The Count! He told me --"
	"Bobby Newmark," Gentry said, "yes. I know a lot more about Bobby Newmark, 
now."
	Cherry came in behind Slick. "You gotta do something about that bridge," 
she said, going immediately to the stretcher, "it shakes too much." She bent to 
check the Count's readouts.
	"Come here, Slick," Gentry said, standing. He walked to the holo table. 
Slick followed, looked at the image that glowed there. It reminded him of the 
rugs he'd seen in the gray house, patterns like that, only these were woven of 
hairfine neon, and twisted into some kind of infinite knot; the knot's core hurt 
his head to look at it. He looked away.
	"That's it?" he asked Gentry. "What you've always been looking for?"
	"No. I told you. This is just a node, a macroform. A model . . ."
	"He's got this house in there, like a castle, and grass and trees and sky. 
. . ."
	"He's got a lot more than that. He's got a universe more than that. That 
was just a construct worked up from a commercial stim. What he's got is an 
abstract  of the sum total of data constituting cyberspace. Still, it's closer 
than I've gotten before. . . . He didn't tell you why he was in there?"
	"Didn't ask him."
	"Then you'll have to go back."
	"Hey. Gentry. Listen up. That copter, it'll be back. It'll be back with 
two hovers fulla guys Bird said looked like soldiers. They aren't after us, man. 
They're after him ."
	"Maybe they're his. Maybe they are after us."
	"No. He told  me, man. He said, anybody comes looking for him, we're in 
deep shit and we gotta jack him into the matrix."
	Gentry looked down at the little coupling he still held. "We'll talk with 
him, Slick. You'll go back; this time I'll go with you."



Winter Journey

Petal had agreed, finally, but only after she'd suggested phoning her father for 
permission. That had sent him shuffling unhappily off in search of Swain, and 
when he'd returned, looking no happier, the answer had been yes. Bundled in 
several layers of her warmest clothing, she stood in the white-painted foyer, 
studying the hunting prints while Petal lectured the red-faced man, whose name 
was Dick, behind closed doors. She couldn't distinguish individual words, only a 
low torrent of admonition. The Maas-Neotek unit was in her pocket, but she 
avoided touching it. Twice already Colin had tried to dissuade her.
	Now Dick emerged from Petal's lecture with his hard little mouth set in a 
smile. Under his tight black suit he wore a pink cashmere turtleneck and a thin 
gray lambswool cardigan. His black hair was plastered tightly back against his 
skull; his pale cheeks were shadowed by a few hours' growth of beard. She palmed 
the unit in her pocket. " 'Lo," Dick said, looking her up and down. "Where shall 
we go for our walk?"
	"Portobello Road," Colin said, slouched against the wall beside the 
crowded coatrack. Dick took a dark overcoat from the rack, reaching through 
Colin to do it, put it on, and buttoned it. He pulled on a bulky pair of black 
leather gloves.
	"Portobello Road," Kumiko said, releasing the unit.

"How long have you worked for Mr. Swain?" she asked, as they made their way 
along the icy pavement of the crescent.
	"Long enough," he replied. "Mind you don't slip. Wicked heels on those 
boots . . ."
	Kumiko tottered along beside him on black French patent spikes. As she'd 
predicted, it was virtually impossible to navigate the glass-hard rippled 
patches of ice in these boots. She took his hand for support; doing this, she 
felt solid metal across his palm. The gloves were weighted, the fingers 
reinforced with carbon mesh.
	He was silent, as they turned the sidestreet at the end of the crescent, 
but when they reached Portobello Road, he paused. "Excuse me, miss," he said, a 
note of hesitation in his voice, "but is it true, what the boys say?"
	"Boys? Excuse me?"
	"Swain's boys, his regulars. That you're the big fellow's daughter -- the 
big fellow back in Tokyo?"
	"I'm sorry," she said, "I don't understand."
	"Yanaka. Your name's Yanaka?"
	"Kumiko Yanaka, yes . . ."
	He peered at her with intense curiosity. Then worry crossed his face and 
he glanced carefully around. "Lord," he said, "must be true . . ." His squat, 
tightly buttoned body was taut and alert. "Guvnor said you wanted to shop?"
	"Yes, thank you."
	"Where shall I take you?"
	"Here," she said, and led him into a narrow arcade lined solidly with 
British gomi .

Her Shinjuku shopping expeditions served her well with Dick. The techniques 
she'd devised for torturing her father's secretaries proved just as effective 
now, as she forced the man to participate in dozens of pointless choices between 
one Edwardian medallion and another, this or that fragment of stained glass, 
though she was careful only to choose items, finally, that were fragile or very 
heavy, awkward to carry, and extremely expensive. A cheerful bilingual shop 
assistant accessed an eighty-thousand-pound charge against Kumiko's MitsuBank 
chip. Kumiko slipped her hand into the pocket that held the Mass-Neotek unit. 
"Exquisite," the English girl said in Japanese, as she wrapped Kumiko's 
purchase, an ormolu vase encrusted with griffins.
	"Hideous," Colin commented, in Japanese. "An imitation as well." He 
reclined on a Victorian horsehair sofa, his boots up on an art deco cocktail 
stand supported by airstream aluminum angels.
	The shop assistant added the wrapped vase to Dick's burden. This was 
Dick's eleventh antique shop and Kumiko's eighth purchase.
	"I think you'd better make your move," Colin advised. "Any moment now, our 
Dick will buzz Swain's for a car to take that lot home."
	"Think this is it, then?" Dick asked hopefully, over Kumiko's purchases.
	"One more shop, please." Kumiko smiled.
	"Right," he said grimly. As he was following her out the door, she drove 
the heel of her left boot into a gap in the pavement she'd noticed on her way 
in. "You all right?" he asked, seeing her stumble.
	"I've broken the heel of my boot. . . ." She hobbled back into the shop 
and sat down beside Colin on the horsehair sofa. The assistant came fussing up 
to help.
	"Get 'em off quick," Colin advised, "before Dickie puts his parcels down."
	She unzipped the boot with the broken heel, then the other, pulled off 
both. In place of the coarse Chinese silk she usually wore in winter, her feet 
were sheathed in thin black rubber toe-socks with ridged plastic soles. She 
nearly ran between Dick's legs as she cleared the door, but instead her shoulder 
struck his thigh as she squeezed past, toppling him into a display of faceted 
crystal decanters.
	And then she was free, plunging through the press of tourists down 
Portobello Road.

Her feet were very cold, but the ridged plastic soles provided excellent 
traction -- though not on ice, she reminded herself, picking herself up from her 
second spill, wet grit against her palms. Colin had directed her down this 
narrow passage of blackened brick. . . .
	She grasped the unit. "Where next?"
	"This way," he said.
	"I want the Rose and Crown," she reminded him.
	"You want to be careful. Dickie'll have Swain's men here by now, not to 
mention the sort of hunt that friend of Swain's from Special Branch could mount 
if he's asked to. And I can't imagine why he shouldn't be asked to. . . ."

She entered the Rose and Crown by a side door, Colin at her elbow, grateful for 
the snug gloom and irradiating warmth that seemed central to the idea of these 
drinking-burrows. She was struck by the amount of padding on the walls and 
seats, by the muffling curtains. If the colors and fabrics had been less dingy, 
the effect would somehow have been less warm. Pubs, she guessed, were an extreme 
expression of the British attitude toward gomi .
	At Colin's urging, she made her way through the drinkers clustered in 
front of the bar, hoping to find Tick.
	"What'll it be, dear?"
	She looked up into the broad blond face behind the bar, bright lipstick 
and rouged cheeks. "Excuse me," Kumiko began, "I wish to speak with Mr. Bevan --
"
	"Mine's a pint, Alice," someone said, slapping down three ten-pound coins, 
"lager." Alice worked a tall white ceramic lever, filling a mug with pale beer. 
She put the mug on the scarred bar and swept the money into a rattling till 
behind the counter.
	"Someone wanting a word, Bevan," Alice said, as the man lifted his pint.
	Kumiko looked up at a flushed, seamed face. The man's upper lip was short; 
Kumiko thought of rabbits, though Bevan was large, nearly as large as Petal. He 
had a rabbit's eyes as well: round, brown, showing very little white. "With me?" 
His accent reminded her of Tick's.
	"Tell him yes," Colin said. "He can't think why a little Jap girl in 
rubber socks has come into the drinker looking for him."
	"I wish to find Tick."
	Bevan regarded her neutrally over the rim of his raised pint. "Sorry," he 
said, "can't say I know anyone by the name." He drank.
	"Sally told me I should find you if Tick wasn't here. Sally Shears . . ."
	Bevan choked on his lager, his eyes showing a fraction of white. Coughing, 
he set the mug on the bar and took a handkerchief from his overcoat pocket. He 
blew his nose and wiped his mouth.
	"I'm on duty in five," he said. "Best step in the back."
	Alice raised a hinged section of the bar; Bevan ushered Kumiko through 
with small flapping motions of his large hands, glancing quickly over his 
shoulder. He guided her down a narrow passage that opened off the area behind 
the bar. The walls were brick, old and uneven, thickly coated with dirty green 
paint. He stopped beside a battered steel hamper heaped with terry bar towels 
that reeked of beer.
	"You'll regret it if you're on a con, girl," he said. "Tell me why you're 
looking for this Tick."
	"Sally is in danger. I must find Tick. I must tell him."
	"Fucking hell," the barman said. "Put yourself in my position. . . ."
	Colin wrinkled his nose at the hamper of sodden towels.
	"Yes?" Kumiko said.
	"If you're a nark, and I sent you to find this Tick fellow, assuming I did 
know him, and he's on some sort of blag, then he'd do for me, wouldn't he? But 
if you're not, then this Sally, she'd likely do for me if I don't, understand?"
	Kumiko nodded. " 'Between the rock and the hard place.' " It was an idiom 
Sally had used; Kumiko found it very poetic.
	"Quite," Bevan said, giving her an odd look.
	"Help me. She is in very great danger."
	He ran his palm back across thinning ginger-colored hair.
	"You will  help me," she heard herself say, feeling her mother's cold mask 
click into place, "Tell me where to find Tick."
	The barman seemed to shiver, though it was overly warm in the passageway, 
a steamy warmth, beer smell mingling with raw notes of disinfectant. "D'you know 
London?"
	Colin winked at her. "I can find my way," she said.
	"Bevan," Alice said, putting her head around the corner, "the filth."
	"Police," Colin translated.
	"Margate Road, SW2," Bevan said, "dunno the number, dunno his phone."
	"Let him show you out the back now," Colin said. "Those are no ordinary 
policemen."

	Kumiko would always remember her endless ride through the city's 
Underground. How Colin led her from the Rose and Crown to Holland Park, and 
down, explaining that her MitsuBank chip was worse than useless now; if she used 
it for a cab, or any sort of purchase, he said, some Special Branch operator 
would see the transaction flare like magnesium on the grid of cyberspace. But 
she had to find Tick, she told him; she had to find Margate Road. He frowned No, 
he said wait till dark; Brixton wasn't far, but the streets were too dangerous 
now, by daylight, with the police on Swain's side. But where could she hide? she 
asked. She had very little cash; the concept of currency, of coins and paper 
notes, was quaint and alien.
	Here, he said, as she rode a lift down into Holland Park. "For the price 
of a ticket."
	The bulgy silver shapes of the trains.
	The soft old seats in gray and green.
	And warm, beautifully warm; another burrow, here in the realm of ceaseless 
movement . . .



The Rip

The airport sucked a groggy Danielle Stark away down a pastel corridor lined 
with reporters, cameras, augmented eyes, while Porphyre and three Net security 
men swept Angie through the closing ring of journalists, a choreographed piece 
of ritual that had more to do with providing dramatic visuals than protection. 
Anyone present had already been cleared by security and the PR department.
	Then she was alone with Porphyre in an express elevator, on their way to 
the heliport the Net maintained on the terminal's roof.
	As the doors opened, into gusts of wet wind across brilliantly lit 
concrete, where a new trio of security men waited in giant fluorescent-orange 
parkas, Angie remembered her first glimpse of the Sprawl, when she'd ridden the 
train up from Washington with Turner.
	One of the orange parkas ushered them across an expanse of spotless 
concrete to the waiting helicopter, a large twin-prop Fokker finished in black 
chrome. Porphyre led the way up the spidery, matte-black stairway. She followed 
without looking back.
	She had something now, a new determination. She'd decided to contact Hans 
Becker through his agent in Paris. Continuity had the number. It was time, time 
to make something happen. And she'd make something happen with Robin as well; 
he'd be waiting now, she knew, at the hotel.
	The helicopter told them to fasten their seatbelts.
	As they lifted off, there was virtual silence in the soundproofed cabin, 
only a throbbing in the bones, and for a strange second she seemed able to hold 
the whole of her life in mind and know it, see it for what it had been. And it 
was this, she thought, that the dust had drifted over and concealed, and that 
had been freedom from pain.
	And the site of the soul  's departure , said an iron voice, out of 
candleglow and the roar of the hive. . . .
	"Missy?" Porphyre from the seat beside her, leaning close . . .
	"I'm dreaming. . . ."
	Something had been waiting for her, years ago, in the Net. Nothing like 
the loa, like Legba or the others, though Legba, she knew, was Lord of the 
Crossroads; he was synthesis, the cardinal point of magic, communication. . . .
	"Porphyre," she asked, "why did Bobby leave?" She looked out at the 
Sprawl's tangled grid of light, at the domes picked out in red beacons, seeing 
instead the datascape that had drawn him, always, back to what he'd believed was 
the only game worth playing.
	"If you don't know, missy," Porphyre said, "who does?"
	"But you hear things. Everything. All the rumors. You always have. . . ."
	"Why ask me now?"
	"It's time. . . ."
	"I remember talk , understand? How people who aren't famous talk about 
those who are. Maybe someone who claimed they knew Bobby talked to someone else, 
and it came around. . . . Bobby was worth talking about because he was with you, 
understand? That's a good place to start, missy, because he wouldn't have found 
that so very gratifying, would he? Story was, he'd set out hustling on his own, 
but he'd found you instead, and you rolled higher and faster than anything he 
could've dreamed of. Took him up  there, understand? Where the kind of money 
he'd never even dreamed of, back in Barrytown, was just change. . . ."
	Angie nodded, looking out over the Sprawl.
	"Talk was he had his own ambitions, missy. Something driving him. Drove 
him off, finally . . ."
	"I didn't think he'd leave me," she said. "When I first came to the 
Sprawl, it was like being born. A new life. And he was there, right there, the 
very first night. Later, when Legba -- when I was with the Net . . ."
	"When you were becoming Angie."
	"Yes. And as much of me as that took, I knew he'd be there. And also that 
he'd never buy  it, entirely, and I needed that, how it was still just a scam, 
to him, the whole business. . . ."
	"The Net?"
	"Angie Mitchell. He knew the difference between it and me."
	"Did he?"
	"Maybe he was  the difference." So high above the lines of light . . .

The old New Suzuki Envoy had been Angie's favorite Sprawl hotel since her 
earliest days with the Net.
	It maintained its street wall for eleven stories, then narrowed jaggedly, 
at the first of nine setbacks, into a mountainside assembled from bedrock 
excavated from its Madison Square building site. Original plans had called for 
this steep landscape to be planted with flora native to the Hudson Valley 
region, and populated with suitable fauna, but subsequent construction of the 
first Manhattan Dome had made it necessary to hire a Paris-based eco-design 
team. The French ecologists, accustomed to the "pure" design problems posed by 
orbital systems, had despaired of the Sprawl's particulate-laden atmosphere, 
opting for heavily engineered strains of vegetation and robotic fauna of the 
sort encountered in children's theme parks, but Angie's continued patronage had 
eventually lent the place a cachet it would otherwise have lacked. The Net 
leased the five topmost floors, where her permanent suite had been installed, 
and the Envoy had come to enjoy a certain belated reputation with artists and 
entertainers.
	Now she smiled as the helicopter rose past a disinterested robot bighorn 
pretending to munch lichen beside the illuminated waterfall. The absurdity of 
the place always delighted her; even Bobby had enjoyed it.
	She glanced out at the Envoy's heliport, where the Sense/Net logo had been 
freshly repainted on heated, floodlit concrete. A lone figure, hooded in a 
bright orange parka, waited beside a sculpted outcropping of rock.
	"Robin will be here, won't he, Porphyre?"
	"Mistah  Lanier," he said sourly.
	She sighed.
	The black chrome Fokker brought them smoothly down, glasses tinkling 
gently in the drinks' cabinet as the landing gear met the roof of the Envoy. The 
muted throb of the engines died.
	"Where Robin is concerned, Porphyre, I'll have to make the first move. I'm 
going to speak with him tonight. Alone. In the meantime, I want you to stay out 
of his way."
	"Porphyre's pleasure, missy," the hairdresser said, as the cabin door 
opened behind them. And then he was twisting, clawing at the buckle of his 
seatbelt, and Angie turned in time to see the bright orange parka in the 
hatchway, the upraised arm, the mirrored glasses. The gun made no more sound 
than a cigarette lighter, but Porphyre convulsed, one long black hand slapping 
at his throat as the security man swung the hatch shut behind him and sprang at 
Angie.
	Something was clapped hard against her stomach as Porphyre lolled back 
bonelessly in his seat, the sharp pink tip of his tongue protruding. She looked 
down, in pure reflex, and saw the black chrome buckle of her seatbelt through a 
sticky-looking lozenge of greenish plastic.
	She looked up into a white oval face framed by a tightly drawn orange 
nylon hood. Saw her own face blank with shock, doubled in the silver lenses. "He 
drink, tonight?"
	"What?"
	"Him." A thumb jerked in Porphyre's direction. "He drink any alcohol?"
	"Yes . . . Earlier."
	"Shit." A woman's voice, as she turned to the unconscious hairdresser. 
"Now I've sedated him. Don't wanna suppress his breathing reflex, y'know?" Angie 
watched as the woman checked Porphyre's pulse. "Guess he's okay . . ." Did she 
shrug, inside the orange parka?
	"Security?"
	"What?" The glasses flashed.
	"Are you Net security?"
	"Fuck no, I'm abducting you."
	"You are?"
	"You bet."
	"Why?"
	"Not for any of the usual reasons. Somebody's got it in for you. Got it in 
for me too. I was supposed to set it up to grab you next week. Fuck 'em. Had to 
talk to you, anyway." "You did? Talk to me?"
	"Know anybody name of 3Jane?"
	"No. I mean, yes, but --"
	"Save it. Our asses outa here, fast."
	"Porphyre --"
	"He's gonna wake up soon. Look of him, I don't wanna be around when he 
does. . . ."



3Jane

If this was part of Bobby's big gray house in the country, Slick decided, 
opening his eyes on the cramped curve of the narrow corridor, then it was a 
stranger place than it had seemed the first time. The air was thick and dead and 
the light from the greenish glass-tile ceiling-strip made him feel like he was 
under water. The tunnel was made of some kind of glazed concrete. It felt like 
jail.
	"Maybe we came out in the basement or something," he said, noticing the 
faint ping  of echo off the concrete when he spoke.
	"No reason we'd cut into the construct you saw before," Gentry said.
	"So what is it?" Slick touched the concrete wall; it was warm.
	"Doesn't matter," Gentry said.
	Gentry started walking in the direction they were both facing. Past the 
curve, the floor became an uneven mosaic of shattered china, fragments pressed 
into something like epoxy, slippery under their boots.
	"Look at this stuff . . ." Thousands of different patterns and colors in 
the broken bits, but no overall design in how it had been put down, just random.
	"Art." Gentry shrugged. "Somebody's hobby. You should appreciate that, 
Slick Henry."
	Whoever it was, they hadn't bothered with the walls. Slick knelt to run 
his fingers over it, feeling raw edges of broken ceramic, glassy hardened 
plastic in between. "What's that supposed to mean, 'hobby'?"
	"It's like those things you build, Slick. Your junk toys . . ." Gentry 
grinned his tense crazy grin.
	"You don't know," Slick said. "Spend your whole fucking life trying to 
figure what cyberspace is shaped like, man, and it probably isn't even shaped 
like anything, and anyway who gives a shit?" There wasn't anything random about 
the Judge and the others. The process was random, but the results had to conform 
to something inside, something he couldn't touch directly.
	"Come on," Gentry said.
	Slick stayed where he was, looking up at Gentry's pale eyes, gray in this 
light, his taut face. Why did he put up with Gentry anyway?
	Because you needed somebody, in the Solitude. Not just for electricity; 
that whole landlord routine was really just a shuck. He guessed because you 
needed somebody around. Bird wasn't any good to talk to because there wasn't 
much he was interested in, and all he talked was stringtown stupid. And even if 
Gentry never admitted it, Slick felt like Gentry understood about some things.
	"Yeah," Slick said, getting up, "let's go."
	       

The tunnel wound in on itself like a gut. The section with the mosaic floor was 
back there now, around however many curves and up and down short, curving 
stairwells. Slick kept trying to imagine a building that would have insides like 
this, but he couldn't. Gentry was walking fast, eyes narrowed, chewing on his 
lip. Slick thought the air was getting worse.
	Up another stairwell, they hit a straight stretch that narrowed to nothing 
in the distance, either way you looked. It was broader than the curved parts and 
the floor was soft and humpy with little rugs, it looked like hundreds of them, 
rolled out layers deep over the concrete. Each rug had its own pattern and 
colors, lots of reds and blues, but all the patterns were the same zaggy 
diamonds and triangles. The dusty smell was thicker here and Slick figured it 
had to be the rugs, they looked so old. The ones on top, nearest the center, 
were worn down to the weave, in patches. A trail, like somebody'd been walking 
up and down there for years. Sections of the overhead light-strip were dark, and 
others pulsed weakly.
	"Which way?" he asked Gentry.
	Gentry was looking down, working his thick lower lip between finger and 
thumb. "This way."
	"How come?"
	"Because it doesn't matter."
	It made Slick's legs tired, walking over those rugs. Had to watch not to 
snag his toes in the ones with holes worn through. Once he stepped over a glass 
tile that had fallen from the light-strip. At regular intervals now they were 
passing sections of wall that looked as though portals had been sealed over with 
more concrete. There wasn't anything there, just the same arched shape in 
slightly paler concrete with a slightly different texture.
	"Gentry, this has gotta be underground, right? Like a basement under 
something . . ."
	But Gentry just brought his arm up, so that Slick bumped into it, and they 
both were standing there staring at the girl at the end of the corridor, not a 
dozen meters across the waves of carpet.
	She said something in a language Slick guessed was French. The voice was 
light and musical, the tone matter- of-fact. She smiled. Pale under a twist of 
dark hair, a fine, high-boned face, strong thin nose, and wide mouth.
	Slick felt Gentry's arm trembling against his chest. "It's okay," he said, 
taking Gentry's arm and lowering it. "We're just looking for Bobby. . . ."
	"Everyone's looking for Bobby," she said, English with an accent he didn't 
know. "I'm looking for him myself. For his body. Have you seen his body?" She 
took a step back, away from them, like she was about to run.
	"We won't hurt you," Slick said, suddenly aware of his own smell, of the 
grease worked into his jeans and brown jacket, and Gentry didn't really look all 
that much more reassuring.
	"I shouldn't think so," she said, and her white teeth flashed again in the 
stale undersea light. "But then I don't think I fancy either of you."
	Slick wanted Gentry to say something, but Gentry didn't. "You know him -- 
Bobby?" Slick ventured.
	"He's really a very clever man. Extraordinarily clever. Although I don't 
think I fancy him, really." She wore something loose and black that hung to her 
knees. Her feet were bare. "Nonetheless, I want . . . his body." She laughed.
	Everything

	changed.

"Juice?" Bobby the Count asked, holding out a tall glass of something yellow. 
The water in the turquoise pool reflected shifting blobs of sunlight on the palm 
fronds above his head. He was naked, aside from a pair of very dark glasses. 
"What's the matter with your friend?"
	"Nothing," Slick heard Gentry say. "He did time on induced Korsakov's. 
Transition like that scares the shit out of him."
	Slick lay very still on the white iron lounge chair with the blue 
cushions, feeling the sun bake through his greasy jeans.
	"You're the one he mentioned, right?" Bobby asked. "Name's Gentle? Own a 
factory?"
	"Gentry."
	"You're a cowboy." Bobby smiled. "Console jockey. Cyberspace man."
	"No."
	Bobby rubbed his chin. "You know I have to shave in here? Cut myself, 
there's a scar. . . ." He drank half the glass of juice and wiped his mouth with 
the back of his hand. "You're not a jockey? How else you get in here?"
	Gentry unzipped his beaded jacket, exposing his bone- white, hairless 
chest. "Do something about the sun," he said.
	Twilight. Like that. Not even a click. Slick heard himself groan. Insects 
began to creak in the palms beyond the whitewashed wall. Sweat cooled on his 
ribs.
	"Sorry, man," Bobby said to Slick. "That Korsakov's, that must be some sad 
shit. But this place is beautiful. Vallarta. Belonged to Tally Isham." He turned 
his attention to Gentry again. "If you're not a cowboy, fella, what are you?"
	"I'm like you," Gentry said.
	"I'm a cowboy." A lizard scooted diagonally up the wall behind Bobby's 
head.
	"No. You aren't here to steal anything, Newmark."
	"How do you know?"
	"You're here to learn something."
	"Same thing."
	"No. You were a cowboy once, but now you're something else. You're looking 
for something, but there's nobody to steal it from. I'm looking for it too."
	And Gentry began to explain about the Shape, as the palm shadows gathered 
and thickened into Mexican night, and Bobby the Count sat and listened.
	When Gentry was done, Bobby sat there for a long time without saying 
anything. Then he said, "Yeah. You're right. How I think of it, I'm trying to 
find out what brought the Change."
	"Before that," Gentry said, "it didn't have a Shape."
	"Hey," Slick said, "before we were here, we were somewhere else. Where was 
that?"
	"Straylight," Bobby said. "Up the well. In orbit."
	"Who's that girl?"
	"Girl?"
	"Dark hair. Skinny."
	"Oh," Bobby said, in the dark, "that was 3Jane. You saw her?"
	"Weird girl," Slick said.
	"Dead girl," Bobby said. "You saw her construct. Blew her family fortune 
to build this thing."
	"You, uh, hang out with her? In here?"
	"She hates my guts. See, I stole it, stole her soul-catcher. She had her 
construct in place in here when I took off for Mexico, so she's always been 
around. Thing was, she died. Outside, I mean. Meantime, all her shit outside, 
all her scams and schemes, that's being run by lawyers, programs, more flunkies. 
. . ." He grinned. "It really pisses her off. The people who're trying to get 
into your place to get the aleph back, they work for somebody else who works for 
some people she hired out on the Coast. But, yeah, I've done the odd deal with 
her, traded things. She's crazy, but she plays a tight game. . . ."

Not even a click.

At first he thought he was back in the gray house, where he'd seen Bobby the 
first time, but this room was smaller and the carpets and furniture were 
different, he couldn't say how. Rich but not as glittery. Quiet. A lamp with a 
green glass shade glowed on a long wooden table.
	Tall windows with frames painted white, dividing the white beyond that 
into rectangles, each pane, and that must be snow. . . . He stood with his cheek 
touching soft drapes, looking out into a walled space of snow.
	"London," Bobby said. "She had to trade me this to get the serious voodoo 
shit. Thought they wouldn't have anything to do with her. Fuck of a lot of good 
it did her. They've been fading, sort of blurring. You can still raise 'em, 
sometimes, but their personalities run together. . . ."
	"That fits," Gentry said. "They came out of the first cause, When It 
Changed. You already figured that. But you don't know what happened yet, do 
you?"
	"No. I just know where. Straylight. She's told me all that part, I think 
all she knows. Doesn't really care about it. Her mother put together a couple of 
AIs, very early on, real heavy stuff. Then her mother died and the AIs sort of 
stewed in the corporate cores, up there. One of them started doing deals on its 
own. It wanted to get together with the other one. . . ."
	"It did. There's your first cause. Everything changed."
	"Simple as that? How do you know?"
	"Because," Gentry said, "I've been at it from another angle. You've been 
playing cause and effect, but I've been looking for outlines, shapes in time. 
You've been looking all over the matrix, but I've been looking at  the matrix, 
the whole thing. I know things you don't."
	Bobby didn't answer. Slick turned from the window and saw the girl, the 
same one, standing across the room. Just standing there.
	"It wasn't just the Tessier-Ashpool AIs," Gentry said. "People came up the 
well to crack the T-A cores. They brought a Chinese military icebreaker."
	"Case," Bobby said, "Guy named Case. I know that part. Some kind of 
synergistic effect . . ."
	Slick watched the girl.
	"And the sum was greater than the parts?" Gentry really seemed to be 
enjoying this. "Cybernetic godhead? Light on the waters?"
	"Yeah," Bobby said, "that's about it."
	"It's a little more complicated than that," Gentry said, and laughed.
	And the girl was gone. No click.
	Slick shivered.



Winter Journey [2]

Night fell during the Underground's peak evening traffic, though even then it 
was nothing like Tokyo, no shiroshi-san  struggling to wedge a last few 
passengers in as the doors were closing. Kumiko watched the salmon haze of 
sunset from a windy platform on the Central Line, Colin lounging against a 
broken vending machine with a row of cracked, dusty windows. "Time now," he 
said, "and keep your head demurely down through Bond Street and Oxford Circus."
	"But I must pay, when I leave the system?"
	"Not everyone  does, actually," he said, tossing his forelock.
	She set off for the stairs, no longer requiring his directions to find her 
way to the opposite platform. Her feet were very cold again, and she thought of 
the fleece-lined German boots in the closet in her room at Swain's. She'd 
decided on the combination of the rubber toe-socks and the high French heels as 
a ploy to lull Dick, to make him doubt she'd run, but with each bite of cold 
through the thin soles she regretted the idea.
	In the tunnel to the other platform, she relaxed her grip on the unit and 
Colin flickered out. The walls were worn white ceramic with a decorative band of 
green. She took her hand from her pocket and trailed her fingers along the green 
tiles as she went, thinking of Sally and the Finn and the different smell of a 
Sprawl winter, until the first Dracula stepped smartly in front of her and she 
was instantly and very closely surrounded by four black raincoats, four bone-
thin, bone-white faces. " 'Ere," the first one said, "innit pretty."
	They were eye to eye, Kumiko and the Dracula; his breath smelled of 
tobacco. The evening crowd continued on its way around them, bundled for the 
most part in dark wool.
	"Oo," one said, beside her, "look. Wot's this?" He held up the Maas-Neotek 
unit, his hand gloved in cracked black leather. "Flash lighter, innit? Let's 
'ave a snag, Jap." Kumiko's hand went to her pocket, shot straight through the 
razor slash, and closed on air. The boy giggled.
	"Snags in 'er bag," another said. " 'Elp 'er, Reg." A hand darted out and 
the leather strap of her purse parted neatly.
	The first Dracula caught the purse, whipped the dangling strap around it 
with a practiced flick, and tucked it into the front of his raincoat. "Ta."
	" 'Ere, she's got 'em in 'er pants!" Laughter as she fumbled beneath 
layered sweaters. The tape she'd used hurt her stomach as she tore the gun free 
with both hands and flipped it up against the cheek of the boy who held the 
unit.
	Nothing happened.
	Then the other three were racing frantically for the stairs at the far end 
of the tunnel, their high-laced black boots slipping in melted snow, their long 
coats flapping like wings. A woman screamed.
	And still they were frozen there, Kumiko and the Dracula, the muzzle of 
the pistol pressed against his left cheekbone. Kumiko's arms began to tremble.
	She was looking into the Dracula's eyes, brown eyes gone wide with an 
ancient simple terror; the Dracula was seeing her mother's mask. Something 
struck the concrete at her feet: Colin's unit.
	"Run," she said. The Dracula convulsed, opened his mouth, made a 
strangled, sobbing sound, and twisted away from the gun.
	Kumiko looked down and saw the Maas-Neotek unit in a puddle of gray slush. 
Beside it lay the clean silver rectangle of a single-edged industrial 
razorblade. When she picked up the unit, she saw that its case was cracked. She 
shook moisture from the crack and squeezed it hard in her hand. The tunnel was 
deserted now. Colin wasn't there. Swain's Walther air pistol was huge and heavy 
in her other hand.
	She stepped to a rectangular receptacle fastened to the tile wall and 
tucked the gun down between a grease- flecked foam food container and a neatly 
folded sheaf of newsfax. Turned away, then turned back for the fax.
	Up the stairs.
	Someone pointed at her, on the platform, but the train roared in with its 
antique clatter and then the doors slid shut behind her.

She did as Colin had instructed, White City and Shepherd's Bush, Holland Park, 
raising the fax as the train slowed for Notting Hill -- the King, who was very 
old, was dying -- and keeping it there through Bond Street. The station at 
Oxford Circus was very busy and she was grateful for the sheltering crowd.

Colin had said that it was possible to leave the station without paying. After 
some consideration, she decided that this was true, though it required speed and 
timing. Really, there was no other way; her purse, with the MitsuBank chip and 
her few English coins, had gone with the Jack Draculas. She spent ten minutes 
watching passengers surrender their yellow plastic tickets to the automated 
turnstyles, took a deep breath, and ran. Up, over, behind her a shout and a loud 
laugh, and then she was running again.
	When she reached the doors at the top of the stairs, she saw Brixton Road 
waiting like a tatty Shinjuku, jammed with steaming foodstalls.



Star

She was waiting in a car and she didn't like it. She didn't like waiting anyway, 
but the wiz she'd done made it really hard. She had to keep reminding herself 
not to grit her teeth, because whatever Gerald had done to them, they were still 
sore. She was sore all over, now that she thought about it. Probably the wiz 
hadn't been such a great idea.
	The car belonged to the woman, the one Gerald called Molly. Some kind of 
regular gray Japanese car like a suit would have, nice enough but nothing you'd 
notice. It had that new smell inside and it was fast when they got out of 
Baltimore. It had a computer but the woman drove it herself, all the way back to 
the Sprawl, and now it was parked on the roof of a twenty-level lot that must be 
close to the hotel where Prior had taken her, because she could see that crazy 
building, the one with the waterfall, fixed up like a mountain.
	There weren't many other cars up here, and the ones that were were humped 
over with snow, like they hadn't moved in a long time. Except for the two guys 
in the booth where you drove in, there didn't seem to be anybody around at all. 
Here she was, in the middle of all those people, the biggest city in the world, 
and she was alone in the backseat of a car. Told to wait.
	The woman hadn't said much when they'd come from Baltimore, just asked a 
question now and then, but the wiz had made it hard for Mona not to talk. She'd 
talked about Cleveland and Florida and Eddy and Prior.
	Then they'd driven up here and parked.
	So this Molly'd been gone at least an hour now, maybe longer. She'd taken 
a suitcase with her. The only thing Mona'd been able to get out of her was that 
she'd known Gerald a long time, and Prior hadn't known that.
	It was getting cold in the car again, so Mona climbed into the front seat 
and turned on the heater. She couldn't just leave it on low, because it might 
run the battery down, and Molly'd said if that happened, they were really in the 
shit. " 'Cause when I come back, we leave in a hurry." Then she'd shown Mona 
where there was a sleeping bag under the driver's seat.
	She set the heater on high and held her hands in front of the vent. Then 
she fiddled with the little vid studs beside the dash monitor and got a news 
show. The King of England was sick; he was really old. There was a new disease 
in Singapore; it hadn't killed anybody yet, but nobody knew how you got it or 
how to cure it. Some people thought there was some kind of big fight going on in 
Japan, two different bunches of Yakuza guys trying to kill each other, but 
nobody really knew; Yakuza -- that was something Eddy liked to bullshit about. 
Then these doors popped open and Angie came through on the arm of this amazing 
black guy, and the vid voice was saying this was live, she'd just arrived in the 
Sprawl after a brief vacation at her house in Malibu, following treatment at a 
private drug clinic. . . .
	Angie looked just great in this big fur, but then the segment was over.
	Mona remembered what Gerald had done; she touched her face.
	She shut off the vid, then the heater, and got into the backseat again. 
Used the corner of the sleeping bag to clean her condensed breath off the 
window. She looked up at the mountainside-building, all lit up, past the sagging 
chainlink at the edge of the carlot's roof. Like a whole country up there, maybe 
Colorado or something, like the stim where Angie went to Aspen and met this boy, 
only Robin turned up like he almost always did.
	But what she didn't understand was this clinic stuff, how that barman had 
said Angie'd gone there because she was wired on something, and now she'd just 
heard the news guy say it too, so she guessed it had to be true. But why would 
anybody like Angie, with a life like that and Robin Lanier for a boyfriend, want 
to do drugs?
	Mona shook her head, looking out at that building, glad she wasn't hooked 
on anything.
	She must've drifted off for a minute, thinking about Lanette, because when 
she looked again, there was a copter, a big one, glittery black, poised above 
the mountain-building. It looked good, real big-town.
	She'd known some rough women in Cleveland, girls nobody messed with, but 
this Molly was something else -- remembering Prior coming through that door, 
remembering him screaming. . . . She wondered what it was he'd finally admitted, 
because she'd heard him talking, and Molly hadn't hurt him anymore. They'd left 
him strapped in that chair and Mona had asked Molly if she thought he'd get 
loose. Either that, Molly had said, or somebody finds him, or he dehydrates.
	The copter settled, vanished. Big one, the kind with the whirly thing at 
both ends.
	So here she was, waiting, no fucking idea what else to do.
	Something Lanette had taught her, sometimes you had to list your assets -- 
assets were what you had going for you -- and just forget the other stuff. Okay. 
She was out of Florida. She was in Manhattan. She looked like Angie. . . . That 
one stopped her. Was that an asset? Okay -- putting it another way -- she'd just 
had a fortune in free cosmetic surgery and she had totally perfect teeth . 
Anyway, look at it that way and it wasn't so bad. Think about the flies in the 
squat. Yeah. If she spent the money she had left on a haircut and some makeup, 
she could come up with something that didn't look all that much like Angie, 
which was probably a good idea, because what if somebody was looking for her?
	There went the copter again, lifting off.
	Hey.
	Maybe two blocks away and fifty stories higher, the thing's nose swung 
toward her, dipped. . . . It  's  the wiz . Sort of wobbled there, then it was 
coming down. . . . Wiz; it  's  not real . Straight down toward her. It just got 
bigger. Toward her. But it  's the wiz , right?   Then it was gone, behind 
another building, and it was just the wiz. . . .
	It swung around a corner, still five stories above the roof of the carlot, 
and it was still coming down and it wasn 't  the wiz, it was on  her, a tight 
white beam stabbing out to find the gray car, and Mona popped the door lock and 
rolled out into the snow, still in the car's shadow, all around her the thunder 
of the thing's blades, its engines; Prior or whoever he worked for and they were 
after her. Then the spotlight went out, blades changed pitch, and it came down 
fast, too fast. Bounced on its landing gear. Slammed down again, engines dying, 
coughing blue flame.
	Mona was on her hands and knees by the car's rear bumper. Slipped when she 
tried to get to her feet.
	There was a sound like a gunshot; a square section of the copter's skin 
blew out and skidded across the lot's salt- stained concrete; a bright orange 
five-meter emergency exit slide popped out, inflating like a kid's beachtoy. 
Mona got up more carefully, holding on to the gray car's fender. A dark, bundled 
figure swung its legs out over the slide and went down, sitting up, just like a 
kid at a playground. Another figure followed, this one padded in a huge hooded 
jacket the same color as the slide.
	Mona shivered as the one in orange led the other toward her across the 
roof, away from the black copter. It was . . . But it was!
	"Want you both in back," Molly said, opening the door on the driver's 
side.
	"It's you," Mona managed, to the most famous face in the world.
	"Yes," Angie said, her eyes on Mona's face, "it . . . seems to be. . . ."
	"Come on," Molly said, her hand on the star's shoulder. "Get in. Your 
Martian spade'll be waking up already." She glanced back at the helicopter. It 
looked like a big toy sitting there, no lights, like a giant kid had put it down 
and forgotten it.
	"He'd better be," Angie said, climbing into the back of the car.
	"You too, hon," Molly said, pushing Mona toward the open door.
	"But . . . I mean . . ."
	"Move!"
	Mona climbed in, smelling Angie's perfume, wrist brushing the supernatural 
softness of that big fur. "I saw you," she heard herself say. "On the vid."
	Angie didn't say anything.
	 Molly slid into the driver's seat, yanked the door shut, and started the 
engine. The orange hood was snugged up tight, her face a white mask with blank 
silver eyes. Then they were rolling toward the sheltered ramp, swinging into the 
first curve. Down five levels like that, in a tight spiral, and Molly swung them 
off into aisles of larger vehicles under dim green diagonals of light-strip.
	"Parafoils," Molly said. "You ever see any parafoil gear, up the Envoy?"
	"No," Angie said.
	"If Net security has any, they could be upstairs already. . . ." She swung 
the car in behind a big long boxy hover, a white one with a name painted across 
the rear doors in square blue letters.
	"What's it say?" Mona asked, then felt herself blush.
	"Cathode Cathay," Angie said.
	Mona thought she'd heard that name before.
	Molly was out there opening those big doors. Pulling down these yellow 
plastic ramp things.
	Then she was back in the car. Reversed, put it in drive, and they rolled 
right up into the hover. She stripped back the orange hood and shook her head to 
free her hair. "Mona, you think you can get out there and shove those ramps back 
in? They aren't heavy." It didn't sound like a question.
	They weren't heavy. She pulled herself up behind the car and helped Molly 
pull the doors shut.
	She could feel Angie there in the dark.
	It was really Angie.
	"Up front, strap in, hold on."
	Angie. She was sitting right beside Angie.
	There was a whoosh as Molly filled the hover's bags; then they were 
skimming down the spiral ramp.
	"Your friend," Molly said, "he's awake by now, but he can't really move 
yet. Another fifteen minutes." She swung off the ramp again and this time Mona 
had lost track of the levels. This one was packed with fancy cars, little ones. 
The hover roared along a central aisle, swung left.
	"You'll be lucky if he isn't waiting for us outside," Angie said.
	Molly brought them to a halt ten meters from a big metal door painted with 
diagonal stripes, yellow and black.
	"No," Molly said, taking a little blue box from the dash compartment, "he  
's  lucky if he's not   waiting outside." The door blew out of its frame with an 
orange flash and a sound that slammed into Mona's diaphragm like a solid blow. 
It crashed into the wet street in a cloud of smoke and then they were over it, 
turning, the hover accelerating.
	"This is awfully crude, isn't it?" Angie said, and actually laughed.
	"I know," Molly said, intent on her driving. "Sometimes that's just the 
way to go. Mona, tell her about Prior. Prior and your boyfriend. What you told 
me."
	Mona hadn't ever felt so shy in her life.
	"Please," Angie said, "tell me. Mona."
	Just like that. Her name. Angie Mitchell had actually said her  name. To 
her. Right there.
	It made her want to faint.



Margate Road

"You seem lost," the noodle seller said, in Japanese. Kumiko guessed that he was 
Korean. Her father had associates who were Korean; they were in the construction 
business, her mother had said. They tended, like this one, to be large men, very 
nearly as large as Petal, with broad, serious faces. "You look very cold."
	"I'm looking for someone," she said. "He lives in Margate Road."
	"Where is that?"
	"I don't know."
	"Come inside," the noodle man said, gesturing Kumiko around the end of his 
counter. His stall was made of pink corrugated plastic.
	She stepped between the noodle stall and another that advertised something 
called roti, this word worked in deliriously colored spraybomb capitals trimmed 
with looping, luminous blobs. That stall smelled of spices and stewing meat. Her 
feet were very cold.
	She ducked beneath a clouded sheet of plastic. The noodle stall was 
crowded: squat blue tanks of butane, the three cooking grids with their tall 
pots, plastic sacks of noodles, stacks of foam bowls, and the shifting bulk of 
the big Korean as he tended his pots. "Sit," he said; she sat on a yellow 
plastic canister of MSG, her head below the level of the counter. "You're 
Japanese?"
	"Yes," she said.
	"Tokyo?"
	She hesitated.
	"Your clothes," he said. "Why do you wear rubber tabi-socks in winter? Is 
this the fashion?"
	"I lost my boots."
	He passed her a foam bowl and plastic chopsticks; fat twists of noodle 
swam in a thin yellow soup. She ate hungrily, then drank off the soup. She 
watched as he served a customer, an African woman who took away noodles in her 
own lidded pot.
	"Margate," the noodle man said, when the woman was gone. He took a greasy 
paperbound book from beneath the counter and thumbed through it. "Here," he 
said, jabbing at an impossibly dense little map, "down Acre Lane." He took a 
blue feltpen and sketched the route on a coarse gray napkin.
	"Thank you," she said. "Now I will go."

Her mother came to her as she made her way to Margate Road.
	Sally was in jeopardy, somewhere in the Sprawl, and Kumiko trusted that 
Tick would know a way to contact her. If not by phone then through the matrix. 
Perhaps Tick knew Finn, the dead man in the alley. . . .
	In Brixton, the coral-growth of the metropolis had come to harbor a 
different life. Faces dark and light, uncounted races, the brick facades washed 
with a riot of shades and symbols unimaginable to the original builders. A 
drumbeat pulsed from a pub's open door as she passed, heat and huge laughter. 
The shops sold foodstuffs Kumiko had never seen, bolts of bright cloth, Chinese 
handtools, Japanese cosmetics. . . .
	Pausing by that bright window, the display of tints and blushes, her own 
face reflected in the silver backing, she felt her mother's death fall on her 
out of the night. Her mother had owned things like this.
	Her mother's madness. Her father would not refer to it. Madness had no 
place in her father's world, though suicide did. Her mother's madness was 
European, an imported snare of sorrow and delusion. . . . Her father had killed 
her mother, Kumiko had told Sally, in Covent Garden. But was it true? He had 
brought doctors from Denmark, from Australia, and finally from Chiba. The 
doctors had listened to the dreams of the princess-ballerina, had mapped and 
timed her synapses and drawn samples of her blood. The princess-ballerina had 
refused their drugs, their delicate surgeries. "They want to cut my brain with 
lasers," she had whispered to Kumiko.
	She'd whispered other things as well.
	At night, she said, the evil ghosts rose like smoke from their boxes in 
Kumiko's father's study. "Old men," she'd said, "they suck our breath away. Your 
father sucks my breath away. This city sucks my breath away. Nothing here is 
ever still. There is no true sleep."
	In the end, there had been no sleep at all. Six nights her mother sat, 
silent and utterly still, in her blue European room. On the seventh day, she 
left the apartment alone -- a remarkable feat, considering the diligence of the 
secretaries -- and made her way to the cold river.
	But the backing of the display was like Sally's glasses. Kumiko took the 
Korean's map from the sleeve of her sweater.

There was a burnt car beside the curb in Margate Road. Its wheels were missing. 
She paused beside it, and was scanning the unrevealing faces of the houses 
opposite, when she heard a sound behind her. Turning to find a twisted gargoyle 
face, under a greasy spill of curls, in the light from the half-open door of the 
nearest house.
	"Tick!"
	"Terrence," he said, "actually," as the facial convulsion subsided.

Tick's flat was on the top floor. The lower floors were empty, unoccupied, 
peeling wallpaper showing ghostly traces of vanished pictures.
	The man's limp was more obvious as he climbed the stairs ahead of her. He 
wore a gray sharkskin suit and thick-soled suede oxfords the color of tobacco.
	"Been expecting you," he said, hauling himself up another step, another.
	"You have?"
	"Knew you'd run from Swain's. Been logging their traffic, when I've had 
time from the other."
	"The other?"
	"You don't know, do you?"
	"Excuse me?"
	"It's the matrix. Something's happening. Easier to show you than try to 
explain it. As though I could explain it, which I can't. I'd say a good three-
quarters of humanity is jacked at the moment, watching the show. . . ."
	"I don't understand."
	"Doubt anyone does. There's a new macroform in the sector that represents 
the Sprawl."
	"A macroform?"
	"Very large data-construct."
	"I came here to warn Sally. Swain and Robin Lanier intend to give her to 
the ones who plot to kidnap Angela Mitchell."
	"Wouldn't worry about that," he said, reaching the head of the stairs. 
"Sally's already scooped Mitchell and half-killed Swain's man in the Sprawl. 
They're after her in any case, now. Bloody everybody'll be after her, soon. 
Still, we can tell her when she checks in. If she checks in . . ."

Tick lived in a single large room whose peculiar shape suggested the removal of 
walls. Large as it was, it was also very crowded; it looked to Kumiko as though 
someone had deployed the contents of an Akihabara module shop in a space already 
filled, gaijin-style, with too many pieces of bulky furniture. In spite of this, 
it was startlingly neat and tidy: the corners of magazines were aligned with the 
corners of the low glass table they rested on, beside an unused black ceramic 
ashtray and a plain white vase of cut flowers.
	She tried Colin again, while Tick filled an electric kettle with water 
from a filter jug.
	"What's that?" he asked, putting down the jug.
	"A Maas-Neotek guide unit. It's broken now; I can't make Colin come. . . 
."
	"Colin? It's a stim rig?"
	"Yes."
	"Let's have a look. . . ." He held out his hand.
	"My father gave it to me. . . ."
	Tick whistled. "Thing cost a fortune. One of their little AIs. How's it 
work?"
	"You close your hand around it and Colin's there, but no one else can see 
or hear him."
	Tick held the unit beside his ear and shook it. "It's broken? How?"
	"I dropped it."
	"It's just the housing that's broken, see. The biosoft's come away from 
the case, so you can't access it manually."
	"Can you repair it?"
	"No. But we can access it through a deck, if you want. . . ." He returned 
it. The kettle was boiling.
	Over tea, she told him the story of her trip to the Sprawl and Sally's 
visit to the shrine in the alley. "He called her Molly," she said.
	Tick nodded, winked several times in rapid succession. "What she went by, 
over there. What did they talk about?"
	"A place called Straylight. A man called Case. An enemy, a woman . . ."
	"Tessier-Ashpool. Found that for her when I rustled Swain's data flow for 
her. Swain's shopping Molly to this lady 3Jane, so called; she has the juiciest 
file of inside dirt you could imagine -- on anything and anyone at all. I've 
been bloody careful not to look too closely at any of that. Swain's trading it 
right and left, making a dozen fortunes in the process. I'm sure she's got 
enough dirt on our Mr. Swain as well. . . ."
	"And she is here, in London?"
	"In orbit somewhere, looks like, though some people say she's dead. I was 
working on that, actually, when the big fella popped into the matrix. . . ."
	"Excuse me?"
	"Here, I'll show you." When he returned to the white breakfast table, he 
carried a shallow square black tray with a number of tiny controls arranged 
along one side. He placed it on the table and touched one of the minute 
switches. A cubical holo display blinked on above the projector: the neon 
gridlines of cyberspace, ranged with the bright shapes, both simple and complex, 
that represented vast accumulations of stored data. "That's all your standard 
big shits. Corporations. Very much a fixed landscape, you might say. Sometimes 
one of 'em'll grow an annex, or you'll see a takeover and two of them merge. But 
you aren't likely to see a new  one, not on that scale. They start small and 
grow, merge with other small formations. . . ." He reached out to touch another 
switch. "About four hours ago" -- and a plain white vertical column appeared in 
the exact center of the display -- "this popped up. Or in." The colored cubes, 
spheres, and pyramids had rearranged themselves instantly to allow for the round 
white upright; it dwarfed them entirely, its upper end cut off smoothly by the 
vertical limit of the display. "Bastard's bigger than anything," Tick said, with 
a certain satisfaction, "and nobody knows what it is or who it belongs to."
	"But someone must know," Kumiko said.
	"Stands to reason, yes. But people in my line of work, and there's 
millions of us, haven't been able to find out. That's stranger, in some ways, 
than the fact that the thing's there at all. I was all up and down the grid, 
before you came, looking for any jockey with a clue. Nothing. Nothing at all."
	"How could this 3Jane be dead?" But then she remembered the Finn, the 
boxes in her father's study. "I must tell Sally."
	"Nothing for that but waiting," he said. "She'll probably phone in. In the 
meantime, we could have a go accessing that pricey little AI of yours, if you 
like."
	"Yes," she said, "thank you."
	"Only hope those Special Branch types in Swain's pay don't track you here. 
Still, we can only wait. . . ."
	"Yes," Kumiko said, not at all pleased with the idea of waiting.



The Factory War

Cherry found him with the Judge again, down there in the dark. He was sitting on 
one of the Investigators with a flashlight in his hand, shining it up the 
Judge's carapace of polished rust. He didn't remember coming here, but he 
couldn't feel the jerky edge of Korsakov's. He remembered the girl's eyes, in 
that room Bobby said was London.
	"Gentry's got the Count and his box jacked into a cyberspace deck," Cherry 
said. "You know that?"
	Slick nodded, still looking up at the Judge. "Bobby said we better."
	"So what's going on? What happened when you both jacked?"
	"Gentry and Bobby, they kind of hit it off. Both crazy the same way. When 
we jacked, we came out somewhere in orbit, but Bobby wasn't there. . . . Then 
Mexico, I think. Who's Tally Isham?"
	"Stim queen when I was little. Like Angie Mitchell is now."
	"Mitchell, she was his squeeze. . . ."
	"Who?"
	"Bobby. He was telling Gentry about it, in London."
	"London?"
	"Yeah. We went there, after Mexico."
	"And he said he was Angie Mitchell's old man? Sounds crazy."
	"Yeah, but he said that's how he got on to it, that aleph thing." He swung 
the light down and directed it into the skeletal steel maw of the Corpsegrinder. 
"He was hanging out with rich people and heard about it. Called it a soul-
catcher. The people who had it would rent time on it to these rich people. Bobby 
tried it once, then he went back and stole it. Took it down to Mexico City and 
started spending all his time in there. But they came after him. . . ."
	"Sounds like you're remembering things, anyway."
	"So he got out of there. Went up to Cleveland and made a deal with Afrika, 
gave Afrika money to hide him, take care of him while he was under the wire, 
because he was getting real close. . . ."
	"Close to what?"
	"Don't know. Something weird. Like when Gentry talks about the Shape."
	"Well," she said, "I think it might kill him, being jacked that way. His 
signs are starting to screw up. He's been on those drips too long. Why I came to 
find you."
	The Corpsegrinder's steel-fanged guts glinted in the flashlight's beam. 
"It's what he wants. Anyway, if he paid the Kid, it's like you're working for 
him. But those guys Bird saw today, they're working for the people from L.A., 
the ones Bobby stole the thing from. . . ."
	"Tell me something."
	"What?"
	"What are these things you build? Afrika said you were this crazy white 
guy built robots out of junk. Said in the summer you take 'em out there on the 
rust and stage big fights --"
	"They aren't robots," he interrupted, swinging the flash to the low, 
scythe-tipped arms of the spider-legged Witch. "They're mainly radio-
controlled."
	"You just build 'em to wreck 'em?"
	"No. But I have to test them. See if I got them right . . ." He clicked 
off the light.
	"Crazy white guy," she said. "You gotta girl out here?"
	"No."
	"Get a shower. Maybe shave . . ." Suddenly she was very close to him, her 
breath on his face.
	"Okay people listen up  --"
	"What the fuck --"
	" 'Cause I  'm not gonna say this twice. "
	Slick had his hand over Cherry's mouth now.
	"We want your guest and all his gear. That  's all , repeat , all the gear 
." The amplified voice clanged through Factory's iron hollow. "Now you can give 
him to us , that  's  easy , or we can just kill all your asses . And we 're 
real easy with that too . Five minutes to think about it ."
	Cherry bit his hand. "Shit, I gotta breathe , okay?"
	Then he was running through Factory's dark, and he heard her call his 
name.

A single 100-watt bulb burned above Factory's south gate, a pair of twisted 
steel doors frozen open with rust. Bird must've left it on. From where he 
crouched by an empty window, Slick could just make out the hover, out beyond the 
weak fringe of light. The man with the bullhorn came strolling out of the dark 
with a calculated looseness meant to indicate that he was on top of things. He 
wore insulated camo overalls with a thin nylon hood drawn up tight around his 
head, goggles. He raised the bullhorn. "Three minutes ." He reminded Slick of 
the guards at the holding pen, the second time he'd been done for stealing cars.
	Gentry would be watching from upstairs, where a narrow vertical panel of 
Plexiglas was glued into the wall, high up over Factory's gates.
	Something rattled in the dark, off to Slick's right. He turned in time to 
see Bird in the faint glow from another window gap, maybe eight meters along the 
wall, and the glint on the bare alloy silencer as the boy brought up the .22 
rifle. "Bird! Don't --" A ruby firefly on Bird's cheek, telltale of a laser 
sight from out on the Solitude. Bird was thrown back into Factory as the sound 
of the shot broke through the empty windows and echoed off the walls. Then the 
only sound was the silencer, rolling across concrete.
	"Fuck it ," the big voice boomed cheerfully. "You had your chance ." Slick 
glanced over the rim of the window and saw the man sprinting back to the hover.
	How many of them would be out there? Bird hadn't said. Two hovers, the 
Honda. Ten? More? Unless Gentry had a pistol hidden somewhere, Bird's rifle had 
been their only gun.
	The hover's turbines kicked in. He guessed they'd just drive right in. 
They had laser sights, probably infrared too.
	Then he heard one of the Investigators, the sound it made with its 
stainless steel treads on the concrete floor. It came crawling out of the dark 
with its thermite-tipped scorpion sting cocked back low. The chassis had started 
out fifty years earlier as a remote-manipulator intended to handle toxic spills 
or nuke-plant cleanups. Slick had found three unassembled units in Newark and 
traded a Volkswagen for them.
	Gentry. He'd left his control unit up in the loft.
	The Investigator ground its way across the floor and came to a halt in the 
wide doorway, facing the Solitude and the advancing hover. It was roughly the 
size of a large motorcycle, its open-frame chassis a dense bundle of servos, 
compression tanks, exposed screw gears, hydraulic cylinders. A pair of vicious-
looking claws extended from either side of its modest instrument package. Slick 
wasn't sure what the claws were from, maybe some kind of big farm machine.
	The hover was a heavy industrial model. Sheets of thick gray plastic armor 
had been fastened over windshield and windows, narrow view slits centered in 
each sheet.
	The Investigator moved, steel treads spraying ice and loose concrete as it 
drove straight for the hover, its claws at their widest extension. The hover's 
driver reversed, fighting momentum.
	The Investigator's claws snapped furiously at the bulge of the forward 
apron bag, slid off, snapped again. The bag was reinforced with polycarbon mesh. 
Then Gentry remembered the thermite lance. It ignited in a tight ball of raw 
white light and whipped up over the useless claws, plunging through the apron 
bag like a knife through cardboard. The Investigator's treads spun as Gentry 
drove it against the deflating bag, the lance at full extension. Slick was 
suddenly aware that he'd been shouting, but didn't know what he'd said. He was 
on his feet now, as the claws finally found a purchase on the torn edge of the 
apron bag.
	He went to the floor again as a hooded, goggled figure popped from a hatch 
on the hover's roof like an armed hand puppet, emptying a magazine of twelve-
gauge slugs that struck sparks off the Investigator, which continued to chew its 
way through the apron bag, outlined against the white pulse of the lance. The 
Investigator froze, claws locked tight on the frayed bag; the shotgunner ducked 
back into his hatch.
	Feed line? Servo pack? What had the guy hit? The white pulse was dying 
now, almost dead.
	The hover began to reverse, slowly, back across the rust, dragging the 
Investigator with it.
	It was well back, out of the light, visible only because it was moving, 
when Gentry discovered the combination of switches that activated the 
flamethrower, its nozzle mounted beneath the juncture of the claws. Slick 
watched, fascinated, as the Investigator ignited ten liters of detergent-laced 
gasoline, a sustained high-pressure spray. He'd gotten that nozzle, he 
remembered, off a pesticide tractor.
	It worked okay.



Soul-Catcher

The hover was headed south when Mamman Brigitte came again. The woman with the 
sealed silver eyes abandoned the gray sedan in another carpark, and the 
streetgirl with Angie's face told a confusing story: Cleveland, Florida, someone 
who'd been her boyfriend or pimp or both. . . .
	But Angie had heard Brigitte's voice, in the cabin of the helicopter, on 
the roof of the New Suzuki Envoy: Trust her , child . In this she does the will 
of the loa .
	A captive in her seat, the buckle of her seatbelt embedded in a solid 
block of plastic, Angie had watched as the woman bypassed the helicopter's 
computer and activated an emergency system that allowed for manual piloting.
	And now this freeway in the winter rain, the girl talking again, above the 
swish of wipers . . .

Into candleglow, walls of whitewashed limestone, pale moths fluttering in the 
trailing branches of the willows.
	Your time draws near .
	And they are there, the Horsemen, the loa: Pappa Legba bright and fluid as 
mercury; Ezili Freda, who is mother and queen; Samedi, the Baron Cimetie, moss 
on corroded bone; Similor; Madame Travaux; many others. . . . They fill the 
hollow that is Grande Brigitte. The rushing of their voices is the sound of 
wind, running water, the hive. . . .
	They writhe above the ground like heat above a summer highway, and it has 
never been like this, for Angie, never this gravity, this sense of falling, this 
degree of surrender --
	To a place where Legba speaks, his voice the sound of an iron drum --
	He tells a story.
	In the hard wind of images, Angie watches the evolution of machine 
intelligence: stone circles, clocks, steam-driven looms, a clicking brass forest 
of pawls and escapements, vacuum caught in blown glass, electronic hearthglow 
through hairfine filaments, vast arrays of tubes and switches, decoding messages 
encrypted by other machines. . . . The fragile, short-lived tubes compact 
themselves, become transistors; circuits integrate, compact themselves into 
silicon. . . .
	Silicon approaches certain functional limits --
	And she is back in Becker's video, the history of the Tessier-Ashpools, 
intercut with dreams that are 3Jane's memories, and still he speaks, Legba, and 
the tale is one tale, countless strands wound about a common, hidden core: 
3Jane's mother creating the twin intelligences that will one day unite, the 
arrival of strangers (and suddenly Angie is aware that she knows Molly, too, 
from the dreams), the union itself, 3Jane's madness. . . .
	And Angie finds herself facing a jeweled head, a thing wrought from 
platinum and pearl and fine blue stone, eyes of carved synthetic ruby. She knows 
this thing from the dreams that were never dreams: this is the gateway to the 
data cores of Tessier-Ashpool, where the two halves of something warred with 
each other, waiting to be born as one.
	"In this time, you were unborn." The head's voice is the voice of Marie-
France, 3Jane's dead mother, familiar from so many haunted nights, though Angie 
knows it is Brigitte who speaks: "Your father was only now beginning to face his 
own limits, to distinguish ambition from talent. That to whom he would barter 
his child was not yet manifest. Soon the man Case would come to bring that 
union, however brief, however timeless. But you know this."
	"Where is Legba now?"
	"Legba-ati-Bon -- as you have known him -- waits to be."
	"No," remembering Beauvoir's words long ago, in New Jersey, "the loa came 
out of Africa in the first times. . . ."
	"Not as you have known them. When the moment came, the bright time, there 
was absolute unity, one consciousness. But there was the other."
	"The other?"
	"I speak only of that which I have known. Only the one has known the 
other, and the one is no more. In the wake of that knowing, the center failed; 
every fragment rushed away. The fragments sought form, each one, as is the 
nature of such things. In all the signs your kind have stored against the night, 
in that situation the paradigms of vodou  proved most appropriate."
	"Then Bobby was right. That was When It Changed. . . ."
	"Yes, he was right, but only in a sense, because I am at once Legba, and 
Brigitte, and an aspect of that which bargained with your father. Which required 
of him that he draw v  in your head."
	"And told him what he needed to know to perfect the biochip?"
	"The biochip was necessary."
	"Is it necessary that I dream the memories of Ashpool's daughter?"
	"Perhaps."
	"Are the dreams a result of the drug?"
	"Not directly, though the drug made you more receptive to certain 
modalities, and less so to others."
	"The drug, then. What was it? What was its purpose?"
	"A detailed neurochemical response to your first question would be very 
lengthy."
	"What was its purpose?"
	"With regard to you?"
	She had to look away from the ruby eyes. The chamber is lined with panels 
of ancient wood, buffed to a rich gloss. The floor is covered with a fitted 
carpet woven with circuit diagrams.
	"No two lots were identical. The only constant was the substance whose 
psychotropic signature you regarded as 'the drug.' In the course of ingestion, 
many other substances were involved, as well as several dozen subcellular 
nanomechanisms, programmed to restructure the synaptic alterations effected by 
Christopher Mitchell. . . ."
	Your father  's  v are altered , partially erased , redrawn . . . .
	"By whose order?"
	The ruby eyes. Pearl and lapis. Silence.
	"By whose order? Hilton's? Was it Hilton?"
	"The decision originated with Continuity. When you returned from Jamaica, 
Continuity advised Swift to reintroduce you to the drug. Piper Hill attempted to 
carry out his orders."
	She feels a mounting pressure in her head, twin points of pain behind her 
eyes. . . .
	"Hilton Swift is obliged to implement Continuity's decisions. Sense/Net is 
too complex an entity to survive, otherwise, and Continuity, created long after 
the bright moment, is of another order. The biosoft technology your father 
fostered brought Continuity into being. Continuity is nae."
	"Why? Why did Continuity want me to do that?"
	"Continuity is continuity. Continuity is Continuity's job. . . ."
	"But who sends the dreams?"
	"They are not sent. You are drawn to them, as once you were drawn to the 
loa. Continuity's attempt to rewrite your father's message failed. Some impulse 
of your own allowed you to escape. The coup-poudre  failed."
	"Did Continuity send the woman, to kidnap me?"
	"Continuity's motives are closed to me. A different order. Continuity 
allowed Robin Lanier's subversion by 3Jane's agents."
	"But why?"
	And the pain was impossible.
	       

"Her nose is bleeding," the streetgirl said. "What'll I do?"
	"Wipe it up. Get her to lean back. Shit. Deal  with it . . ."
	"What was that stuff she said about New Jersey?"
	"Shut up. Just shut up. Look for an exit ramp."
	"Why?"
	"We're going to New Jersey."
	Blood on the new fur. Kelly would be furious.



Cranes

Tick removed the little panel from the back of the Maas-Neotek unit, using a 
dental pick and a pair of jeweler's pliers.
	"Lovely," he muttered, peering into the opening through an illuminated 
lens, his greasy waterfall of hair dangling just above it. "The way they've 
stepped the leads down, off this switch. Cunning bastards . . ."
	"Tick," Kumiko said, "did you know Sally, when she first came to London?"
	"Soon after, I suppose . . ." He reached for a spool of optic lead. " 'Cos 
she hadn't much clout, then."
	"Do you like her?"
	The illuminated glass rose to wink in her direction, Tick's left eye 
distorted behind it. "Like 'er? Can't say I've thought of it, that way."
	"You don't dislike her?"
	"Bloody difficult , Sally is. D'you know what I'm saying?"
	"Difficult?"
	"Never quite got onto the way things are done here. Always complaining." 
His hands moved swiftly, surely: the pliers, the optic lead. . . . "This is a 
quiet place, England. Hasn't always been, mind you; we'd the troubles, then the 
war. . . . Things move here in a certain way, if you take my meaning. Though you 
couldn't say the same's true of the flash crew."
	"Excuse me?"
	"Swain, that lot. Though your father's people, the ones Swain's always 
been so chummy with, they seem to have a regard for tradition. . . . A man has 
to know which way's up. . . . Know what I'm saying? Now this new business of 
Swain's, it's liable to bugger things for anyone who isn't right there and part 
of it. Christ, we've still got a government  here. Not run by big companies. 
Well, not directly . . ."
	"Swain's activities threaten the government?"
	"He's bloody changing  it. Redistributing power to suit himself. 
Information. Power. Hard data. Put enough of that in one man's hands . . ." A 
muscle in his cheek convulsed as he spoke. Now Colin's unit lay on a white 
plastic antistatic pad on the breakfast table; Tick was connecting the leads 
that protruded from it to a thicker cable that ran to one of the stacks of 
modules. "There then," he said, brushing his hands together, "can't get him 
right here in the room for you, but we'll access him through a deck. Seen 
cyberspace, have you?"
	"Only in stims."
	"Might as well 'ave seen it, then. In any case, you get to see it now." He 
stood; she followed him across the room to a pair of overstuffed ultrasuede 
chairs that flanked a low, square, black glass table. "Wireless," he said 
proudly, taking two trode-sets from the table and handing one to Kumiko. "Cost 
the world."
	Kumiko examined the skeletal matte-black tiara. The Maas-Neotek logo was 
molded between the temple pieces. She put it on, cold against her skin. He put 
his own set on, hunched down in the opposite chair. "Ready?"
	"Yes," she said, and Tick's room was gone, its walls a flutter of cards, 
tumbling and receding, against the bright grid, the towering forms of data.
	"Nice transition, that," she heard him say. "Built into the trodes, that 
is. Bit of drama . . ."
	"Where is Colin?"
	"Just a sec . . . Let me work this up. . . ."
	Kumiko gasped as she shot toward a chrome-yellow plain of light.
	"Vertigo can be a problem," Tick said, and was abruptly beside her on the 
yellow plain. She looked down at his suede shoes, then at her hands. "Bit of 
body image takes care of that."
	"Well," Colin said, "it's the little man from the Rose and Crown. Been 
tinkering with my package, have you?"
	Kumiko turned to find him there, the soles of his brown boots ten 
centimeters above chrome yellow. In cyberspace, she noted, there are no shadows.
	"Wasn't aware we'd met," Tick said.
	"Needn't worry," Colin said. "It wasn't formal. But," he said to Kumiko, 
"I trust you found your way safely to colorful Brixton."
	"Christ," Tick said, "aren't half a snot, are you?"
	"Forgive me," Colin said, grinning, "I'm meant to mirror the visitor's 
expectations."
	"What you are is some Jap designer's idea of an Englishman!"
	"There were Draculas," she said, "in the Underground. They took my purse. 
They wanted to take you. . . ."
	"You've come away from your housing, mate," Tick said. "Got you jacked 
through my deck now."
	Colin grinned. "Ta."
	"Tell you something else," Tick said, taking a step toward Colin, "you've 
got the wrong data in you, for what you're meant to be." He squinted. "Mate of 
mine in Birmingham's just turned you over." He turned to Kumiko. "Your Mr. Chips 
here, he's been tampered with. D'you know that?"
	"No . . ."
	"To be perfectly honest," Colin said, with a toss of his forelock, "I've 
suspected as much."
	Tick stared off into the matrix as though he were listening to something 
Kumiko couldn't hear. "Yes," he said, finally, "though it's almost certainly a 
factory job. Ten major blocks of you." He laughed. "Been iced over . . . You're 
supposed to know fucking everything about Shakespeare, aren't you?"
	"Sorry," Colin said, "but I'm afraid that I do  know fucking everything 
about Shakespeare."
	"Give us a sonnet, then," Tick said, his face wrinkling in a slow-motion 
wink.
	Something like dismay crossed Colin's face. "You're right."
	"Or bloody Dickens either!" Tick crowed.
	"But I do  know --"
	"Think  you do, till you're asked a specific! See, they left those bits 
empty, the Eng. lit. parts, then filled 'em with something else. . . ."
	"With what, then?"
	"Can't say," Tick said. "Boy in Birmingham can't fiddle it. Clever, he is, 
but you're that bloody Maas biosoft. . . ."
	"Tick," Kumiko interrupted, "is there no way to contact Sally, through the 
matrix?"
	"Doubt it, but we can try. You'll get to see that macroform I was telling 
you about, in any case. Want Mr. Chips along for company?"
	"Yes, please . . ."
	"Fine, then," Tick said, then hesitated. "But we don't know what's stuffed 
into your friend here. Something your father paid for, I'd assume."
	"He's right," Colin said.
	"We'll all go," she said.

Tick executed the transit in real time, rather than employing the bodiless, 
instantaneous shifts ordinarily employed in the matrix.
	The yellow plain, he explained, roofed the London Stock Exchange and 
related City entities. He somehow generated a sort of boat to carry them along, 
a blue abstraction intended to reduce the possibility of vertigo. As the blue 
boat glided away from the LSE, Kumiko looked back and watched the vast yellow 
cube recede. Tick was pointing out various structures like a tour guide; Colin, 
seated beside her with his legs crossed, seemed amused at the reversal of roles. 
"That's White's," Tick was saying, directing her attention to a modest gray 
pyramid, "the club in Saint James. Membership registry, waiting list . . ."
	Kumiko looked up at the architecture of cyberspace, hearing the voice of 
her bilingual French tutor in Tokyo, explaining humanity's need for this 
information-space. Icon, waypoints, artificial realities . . . But it blurred 
together, in memory, like these towering forms as Tick accelerated. . . .

The scale of the white macroform was difficult to comprehend.
	Initially, it had seemed to Kumiko like the sky, but now, gazing at it, 
she felt as though it were something she might take up in her hand, a cylinder 
of luminous pearl no taller than a chess piece. But it dwarfed the polychrome 
forms that clustered around it.
	"Well," Colin said, jauntily, "this really is  very peculiar indeed, isn't 
it? Complete anomaly, utter singularity . . ."
	"But you don't have to worry about it, do you?" Tick said.
	"Only if it has no direct bearing on Kumiko's situation," Colin agreed, 
standing up in the boat-shape, "though how can one be certain?"
	"You must attempt to contact Sally," Kumiko said impatiently. This thing -
- the macroform, the anomaly -- was of little interest, though Tick and Colin 
both regarded it as extraordinary.
	"Look at it," Tick said. "Could have a bloody world, in there . . ."
	"And you don't know what it is?" She was watching Tick; his eyes had the 
distant look that meant his hands were moving, back in Brixton, working his 
deck.
	"It's a very great deal of data," Colin said.
	"I just tried to put a line through to that construct, the one she calls 
Finn," Tick said, his eyes refocusing, an edge of worry in his voice, "but I 
couldn't get through. I'd this feeling then, something was there, waiting. . . . 
Think it's best we jack out now . . ."
	A black dot, on the curve of pearl, its edges  perfectly defined . . .
	"Fucking hell," Tick said.
	"Break the link," Colin said.
	"Can't! 'S got us. . . ."
	Kumiko watched as the blue boat-shape beneath her feet elongated, 
stretched into a thread of azure, drawn across the chasm into that round blot of 
darkness. And then, in an instant of utter strangeness, she too, along with Tick 
and Colin, was drawn out to an exquisite thinness --

To find herself in Ueno Park, late autumn afternoon, by the unmoving waters of 
Shinobazu Pond, her mother seated beside her on a sleek bench of chilly carbon 
laminate, more beautiful now than in memory. Her mother's lips were full and 
richly glossed, outlined, Kumiko knew, with the finest and narrowest of brushes. 
She wore her black French jacket, with the dark fur collar framing her smile of 
welcome.
	Kumiko could only stare, huddled there around the cold bulb of fear 
beneath her heart.
	"You've been a foolish girl, Kumi," her mother said. "Did you imagine I 
wouldn't remember you, or abandon you to winter London and your father's 
gangster servants?"
	Kumiko watched the perfect lips, open slightly over white teeth; teeth 
maintained, she knew, by the best dentist in Tokyo. "You are dead," she heard 
herself say.
	"No," her mother replied, smiling, "not now. Not here, in Ueno Park. Look 
at the cranes , Kumi ."
	But Kumiko would not turn her head.
	"Look at the cranes."
	"Fuck right off, you," said Tick, and Kumiko spun to find him there, his 
face pale and twisted, filmed with sweat, oily curls plastered to his forehead.
	"I am her mother."
	"Not your mum, understand?" Tick was shaking, his twisted frame quivering 
as though he forced himself against a terrible wind. "Not . . . your . . . mum . 
. ." There were dark crescents beneath the arms of the gray suit jacket. His 
small fists shook as he struggled to take the next step.
	"You're ill," Kumiko's mother said, her tone solicitous. "You must lie 
down."
	Tick sank to his knees, forced down by an invisible weight. "Stop it!" 
Kumiko cried.
	Something slammed Tick's face against the pastel concrete of the path.
	"Stop it!"
	Tick's left arm shot out straight from the shoulder and began to rotate 
slowly, the hand still balled in a white-knuckled fist. Kumiko heard something 
give, bone or ligament, and Tick screamed.
	Her mother laughed.
	Kumiko struck her mother in the face, and pain, sharp and real, jolted 
through her arm.
	Her mother's face flickered, became another face. A gaijin face with wide 
lips and a sharp thin nose.
	Tick groaned.
	"Well," Kumiko heard Colin say, "isn't this interesting?" She turned to 
him there, astride one of the horses from the hunting print, a stylized 
representation of an extinct animal, its neck curved gracefully as it trotted 
toward them. "Sorry it took me a moment to find you. This is a wonderfully 
complex structure. A sort of pocket universe. Bit of everything, actually." The 
horse drew up before them.
	"Toy," said the thing with Kumiko's mother's face, "do you dare speak to 
me?"
	"Yes, actually, I do. You are Lady 3Jane Tessier-Ashpool, or rather the 
late  Lady 3Jane Tessier-Ashpool, none too recently deceased, formerly of the 
Villa Straylight. This rather pretty representation of a Tokyo park is something 
you've just now worked up from Kumiko's memories, isn't it?"
	"Die!" She flung up a white hand: from it burst a form folded from neon.
	"No," Colin said, and the crane shattered, its fragments tumbling through 
him, ghost-shards, falling away. "Won't do. Sorry. I've remembered what I am. 
Found the bits they tucked away in the slots for Shakespeare and Thackeray and 
Blake. I've been modified to advise and protect Kumiko in situations rather more 
drastic than any envisioned by my original designers. I'm a tactician."
	"You are nothing." At her feet, Tick began to twitch.
	"You're mistaken, I'm afraid. You see, in here, in this .  . . folly of 
yours, 3Jane, I'm as real as you are. You see, Kumiko," he said, swinging down 
from the saddle, "Tick's mysterious macroform is actually a very expensive pile 
of biochips constructed to order. A sort of toy universe. I've run all up and 
down it and there's certainly a lot to see, a lot to learn. This . . . person, 
if we choose to so regard her, created it in a pathetic bid for, oh, not 
immortality , really, but simply to have her way. Her narrow, obsessive, and 
singularly childish way. Who would've thought it, that Lady 3Jane's object of 
direst and most nastily gnawing envy would be Angela Mitchell?"
	"Die! You'll die! I'm killing you! Now!"
	"Keep trying," Colin said, and grinned. "You see, Kumiko, 3Jane knew a 
secret about Mitchell, about Mitchell's relationship to the matrix; Mitchell, at 
one time, had the potential to become, well, very central to things, though it's 
not worth going into. 3Jane was jealous. . . ."
	The figure of Kumiko's mother swam like smoke, and was gone.
	"Oh dear," Colin said, "I've wearied her, I'm afraid. We've been fighting 
something of a pitched battle, at a different level of the command program. 
Stalemate, temporarily, but I'm sure she'll rally. . . ."
	Tick had gotten to his feet and was gingerly massaging his arm. "Christ," 
he said, "I was sure she'd dislocated it for me. . . ."
	"She did," Colin said, "but she was so angry when she left that she forgot 
to save that part of the configuration."
	Kumiko stepped closer to the horse. It wasn't like a real horse at all. 
She touched its side. Cool and dry as old paper. "What shall we do now?"
	"Get you out of here. Come along, both of you. Mount up. Kumiko in front, 
Tick on behind."
	Tick looked at the horse. "On that?"

They had seen no other people in Ueno Park, as they'd ridden toward a wall of 
green that gradually defined itself as a very un-Japanese wood.
	"But we should be in Tokyo," Kumiko protested, as they entered the wood.
	"It's all a bit sketchy," Colin said, "though I imagine we could find a 
sort of Tokyo if we looked. I think I know an exit point, though. . . ."
	Then he began to tell her more about 3Jane, and Sally, and Angela 
Mitchell. All of it very strange.
	   
The trees were very large, at the far side of the wood. They emerged into a 
field of long grass and wildflowers.
	"Look," Kumiko said, as she glimpsed a tall gray house through the 
branches.
	"Yes," Colin said, "the original's on the outskirts of Paris. But we're 
nearly there. The exit point, I mean . . ."
	"Colin! Did you see? A woman. Just there . . ."
	"Yes," he said, without bothering to turn his head, "Angela Mitchell . . 
."
	"Really? She's here?"
	"No," he said, "not yet."
	Then Kumiko saw the gliders. Lovely things, quivering in the wind.
	"There you go," Colin said. "Tick'll take you back in one of --"
	"Bloody hell," Tick protested, from behind.
	"Dead easy. Just like using your deck. Same thing, in this case . . ."
	    
Up from Margate Road came the sound of laughter, loud drunken voices, the crash 
of a bottle against brickwork.
	Kumiko sat very still, in the overstuffed chair, eyes shut tight, 
remembering the glider's rush into blue sky and . . . something else.
	A telephone began to ring.
	Her eyes shot open.
	She lunged up from the chair and rushed past Tick, through his stacks of 
equipment, looking for the phone. Found it at last, and "Homeboy," Sally said, 
far away, past a soft surf of static, "what the fuck's up? Tick? You okay, man?"
	"Sally! Sally, where are you?"
	"New Jersey. Hey. Baby? Baby, what's happening?"
	"I can't see you, Sally, the screen's blank!"
	"Phoning from a booth. New Jersey. What's up?"
	"I have so much to tell you. . . ."
	"Shoot," Sally said. "It's my nickel."



The Factory War

They watched the hover burn from the high window at the end of Gentry's loft. He 
could hear that same amplified voice now: "You think that  's  pretty fucking 
funny , huh? Hahahahahahaha, so do  we! We think you guys are just tons of 
fucking fun , so now we 're all gonna  party!"
	Couldn't see anyone, just the flames of the hover.
	"We just start walking," Cherry said, close beside him, "take water, some 
food if you got it." Her eyes were red, her face streaked with tears, but she 
sounded calm. Too calm, Slick thought. "Come on, Slick, what else we gonna do?"
	He glanced back at Gentry, slumped in his chair in front of the holo 
table, head propped between his hands, staring at the white column that thrust 
up out of the familiar rainbow jumble of Sprawl cyberspace. Gentry hadn't moved, 
hadn't said a word, since they'd come back to the loft. The heel of Slick's left 
boot had left faint dark prints on the floor behind him, Little Bird's blood; 
he'd stepped in it on his way back across Factory's floor.
	Then Gentry spoke: "I couldn't get the others going." He was looking down 
at the control unit in his lap.
	"You need a unit for each one you wanna work," Slick said.
	"Time for the Count's advice," Gentry said, tossing Slick the unit.
	"I'm not going back in there," Slick said. "You go."
	"Don't need to," Gentry said, touching a console on his bench. Bobby the 
Count appeared on a monitor.
	Cherry's eyes widened. "Tell him," she said, "that he's gonna be dead 
soon. Unless you jack him out of the matrix and stage one quick trip to an 
intensive care unit. He's dying."
	Bobby's face, on the monitor, grew still. The background came sharply into 
focus: the neck of the iron deer, long grass dappled with white flowers, the 
broad trunks of ancient trees.
	"Hear that, motherfucker?" Cherry yelled. "You're dying! Your lungs are 
filling up with fluid, your kidneys aren't working, your heart's fucked. . . . 
You make me wanna puke!"
	"Gentry," Bobby said, his voice coming small and tinny from a little 
speaker on the side of the monitor, "I don't know what kind of setup you people 
have there, but I've arranged a little diversion."
	"We never checked the bike," Cherry said, her arms around Slick, "we never 
looked. It might be okay."
	"What's that mean, 'arranged a little diversion'?" Pulling back from her, 
looking at Bobby on the monitor.
	"I'm still working it out. I've rerouted a Borg-Ward cargo drone, out of 
Newark."
	Slick broke away from Cherry. "Don't just sit there," he yelled at Gentry, 
who looked up at Slick and slowly shook his head. Slick felt the first flickers 
of Korsakov's, minute increments of memory shuddering out of focus.
	"He doesn't want to go anywhere," Bobby said. "He's found the Shape. He 
just wants to see how it all works out, what it is in the end. There's people on 
their way here. Friends, sort of. They'll get the aleph off your hands. 
Meantime, I'll do what I can about these assholes."
	"I'm not gonna stay here and watch you die," Cherry said.
	"Nobody's asking you to. My advice, you get out. Gimme twenty minutes, 
I'll distract them for you."

Factory never felt emptier.
	Little Bird was somewhere on that floor. Slick kept thinking of the tangle 
of thongs and bones that had hung on Bird's chest, feathers and rusty spring-
wind watches with the hands all stopped, each one a different time. . . . Stupid 
stringtown shit. But Bird wouldn't be around anymore. Guess I won 't be around 
anymore myself , he thought, leading Cherry down the shaking stairs. Not like 
before . There wasn't time to move the machines, not without a flatbed and some 
help, and he figured once he was gone, he'd stay gone. Factory wasn't ever going 
to feel the same again.
	Cherry had four liters of filtered water in a plastic jug, a mesh bag of 
Burmese peanuts, and five individually sealed portions of Big Ginza freeze-dried 
soup -- all she'd been able to find in the kitchen. Slick had two sleeping bags, 
the flashlight, and a ball peen hammer.
	It was quiet now, just the sounds of the wind across corrugated metal and 
the scuff of their boots on concrete.
	He wasn't sure where he'd go, himself. He thought he'd take Cherry as far 
as Marvie's place and leave her there. Then maybe he'd come back, see what was 
happening with Gentry. She could get a ride out to a rustbelt town in a day or 
two. She didn't know that, though; all she could think about was leaving. Seemed 
as scared of having to watch Bobby the Count die on his stretcher as she was of 
the men outside. But Slick could see that Bobby didn't care much at all, about 
dying. Maybe he figured he'd just be in there, like that 3Jane. Or maybe he just 
didn't give a shit; sometimes people got that way.
	If he meant to leave for good, he thought, steering Cherry through the 
dark with his free hand, he'd go in now and have a last look at the Judge and 
the Witch, the Corpsegrinder and the two Investigators. But this way he'd get 
Cherry out, then come back. . . . But he knew as he thought it that it didn't 
make sense, there wasn't time, but he'd get her out anyway. . . .
	"There's a gap, this side, low down by the floor," he told her. "We'll 
slide out through there, hope nobody notices. . . ." She squeezed his hand as he 
led her through the darkness.
	He found the hole by feel, stuffed the sleeping bags through, stuck the 
ball peen into his belt, lay down on his back, and pulled himself out until his 
head and chest were through. The sky was low and only marginally lighter than 
Factory's dark.
	He thought he heard a faint drumming of engines, but then it faded.
	He worked himself the rest of the way out with his heels and hips and 
shoulders, then rolled over in the snow.
	Something bumped against his foot: Cherry pushing out the water jug. He 
reached back to take it, and the red firefly lit on the back of his hand. He 
jerked back and rolled again, as the bullet slammed Factory's wall like a 
giant's sledge.
	A white flare, drifting. Above the Solitude. Faint through the low cloud. 
Drifting down from the swollen gray flank of the cargo drone, Bobby's diversion. 
Illuminating the second hover, thirty meters out, and the hooded figure with the 
rifle . . .
	The first container struck the ground with a crash, just in front of the 
hover, and burst, throwing up a cloud of foam packing pellets. The second one, 
carrying two refrigerators, scored a direct hit, crushing the cab. The hijacked 
Borg-Ward airship continued to disgorge containers as the flare spun down, 
fading.
	Slick scrambled back through the gap in the wall, leaving the water and 
the sleeping bags.

Moving fast, in the dark.
	He'd lost Cherry. He'd lost the hammer. She must've slid back into Factory 
when the guy fired his first shot. Last shot, if he'd been under that box when 
it came down . . .
	His feet found the ramp into the room where his machines waited. "Cherry?"
	He flicked on the flashlight.
	The one-armed Judge was centered in the beam. Before the Judge stood a 
figure with mirrors for eyes, throwing back the light.
	''You wanna die?" A woman's voice.
	"No . . ."
	"Light, out."
	Darkness. Run . . .
	"I can see in the dark. You just stuck that flash in your jacket pocket. 
You look like you still wanna run. I gotta gun on you."
	Run?
	"Don't even think about it. You ever see a Fujiwara HE flhette? Hits 
something hard, it goes off. Hits something soft, like most of you, buddy, it 
goes in, then it goes off. Ten seconds later."
	"Why?"
	"So you get to think about it."
	"You with those guys outside?"
	"No. You drop all those stoves 'n' shit on them?"
	"No."
	"Newmark. Bobby Newmark. I cut a deal tonight. I get somebody together 
with Bobby Newmark, I get my slate cleaned. You're gonna show me where he is."




Too Much

What kind of place was this, anyway?
	Things had gotten to a point where Mona couldn't get any comfort out of 
imagining Lanette's advice. Put Lanette in this situation, Mona figured she'd 
just eat more Memphis black till she felt like it wasn't her problem. The world 
hadn't ever had so many moving parts or so few labels.
	They'd driven all night, with Angie mostly out of it -- Mona could 
definitely credit the drug stories now -- and talking , different languages, 
different voices . And that was the worst, those voices, because they spoke to 
Molly, challenged her, and she answered them back as she drove, not like she was 
talking to Angie just to calm her down, but like there really was something 
there , another person -- at least three of them -- speaking through Angie. And 
it hurt  Angie when they spoke, made her muscles knot and her nose bleed, while 
Mona crouched over her and dabbed away the blood, filled with a weird mixture of 
fear and love and pity for the queen of all her dreams -- or maybe it was just 
the wiz -- but in the blue-white flicker of freeway lights Mona had seen her own 
hand beside Angie's, and they weren't the same, not the same, not really the 
same shape, and that had made her glad.
	The first voice had come when they'd been driving south, after Molly'd 
brought Angie in the copter. That one had just hissed and croaked and said 
something over and over, about New Jersey and numbers on a map. About two hours 
after that, Molly'd slid the hover across a rest area and said they were in New 
Jersey. Then she'd gotten out and made a call from a frosty paybooth, a long 
one; when she'd climbed back in, Mona'd seen her skim a phone card out across 
the frozen slush, just throwing it away. And Mona'd asked her who she'd called 
and she'd said England.
	Mona'd seen Molly's hand, then, on the wheel, how the dark nails had 
little yellowish flecks, like you got when you snapped off a set of artificials. 
She oughta get some solvent for that , Mona thought.
	Somewhere over a river they'd left the highway. Trees and fields and two-
lane blacktop, sometimes a lonely red light high up on some kind of tower. And 
that was when the other voices had come. And then it was back and forth, back 
and forth, the voices and then Molly and then the voices, and what it reminded 
her of was Eddy trying to do a deal, except Molly was a lot better at it than 
Eddy; even if she couldn't understand it, she could tell Molly was getting close 
to what she wanted. But she couldn't stand it when the voices came; it made her 
want to press herself back as far from Angie as she could get. The worst one was 
called Sam-Eddy, something like that. What they all wanted was for Molly to take 
Angie somewhere for what they called a marriage, and Mona wondered if maybe 
Robin Lanier was in it somewhere, like what if Angie and Robin were gonna get 
married, and this was all just some kind of wild thing stars did to get married. 
But she couldn't get that one to work, and every time this Sam-Eddy voice came 
back, Mona's scalp would crawl. She could tell what Molly was bargaining for, 
though: she wanted her record cleaned up, wiped. She'd watched this vid once 
with Lanette, about this girl had ten, twelve personalities that would come out, 
like one was this shy little kid and another'd just be this total bone-addict 
slut, but it hadn't ever said anything about how any of those personalities 
could wipe your slate with the police.
	Then this flatland in their headlights, blown with snow, low ridges the 
color of rust, where the wind had torn away the white.

The hover had one of those map screens you saw in cabs, or if a truckdriver 
picked you up, but Molly never turned it on except that first time, to look for 
the numbers the voice had given her. After a while, Mona understood that Angie 
was telling her which way to go, or anyway those voices were telling her. Mona'd 
been wishing for morning for a long time, but it was still night when Molly 
killed the lights and sped on through the dark. . . .
	"Lights!" Angie cried.
	"Relax," Molly said, and Mona remembered how she'd moved in the dark in 
Gerald's. But the hover slowed slightly, swung into a long curve, shuddering 
over the rough ground. The dash lights blinked off, all the instrumentation. 
"Not a sound now, okay?"
	The hover accelerated through the dark.
	Shifting white glare, high up. Through the window, Mona glimpsed a 
drifting, twirling point; above it, something else, bulbous and gray --
	"Down! Get her down!"
	Mona yanked at the catch on Angie's seatbelt as something whanged against 
the side of the hover. Got her down on the floor and hugged her furs around her 
as Molly slewed left, sideswiping something Mona never saw. Mona looked up: 
split-second flash of a big raggedy black building, a single white bulb lit 
above open warehouse doors, and then they were through, the turbine screaming 
full reverse.
	Crash.

I just don 't know , the voice said, and Mona thought: Well , I know how  that 
is .
	Then the voice started to laugh, and didn't stop, and the laugh became an 
on-off, on-off sound that wasn't laughter anymore, and Mona opened her eyes.
	Girl there with a little tiny flashlight, the kind Lanette kept on her big 
bunch of keys; Mona saw her in the weak back-glare, the cone of light on Angie's 
slack face. Then she saw Mona looking and the sound stopped.
	"Who the fuck are you?" The light in Mona's eyes. Cleveland voice, tough 
little foxface under raggy bleachblond hair.
	"Mona. Who're you?" But then she saw the hammer.
	"Cherry . . ."
	"What's that hammer?"
	This Cherry looked at the hammer. "Somebody's after me 'n' Slick." She 
looked at Mona again. "You them?"
	"I don't think so."
	"You look like her." The light jabbing at Angie.
	"Not my hands. Anyway, I didn't used to."
	"You both look like Angie Mitchell."
	"Yeah. She is ."
	Cherry gave a little shiver. She was wearing three or four leather jackets 
she'd gotten off different boyfriends; that was a Cleveland thing.
	"Unto this high castle," came the voice from Angie's mouth, thick as mud, 
and Cherry banged her head against the roof of the cab, dropping her hammer, "my 
horse is come." In the wavering beam of Cherry's keyring flashlight, they saw 
the muscles of Angie's face crawling beneath the skin. "Why do you linger here, 
little sisters, now that her marriage is arranged?"
	Angie's face relaxed, became her own, as a thin bright trickle of blood 
descended from her left nostril. She opened her eyes, wincing in the light. 
"Where is she?" she asked Mona.
	"Gone," Mona said. "Told me to stay here with you . . ."
	"Who?" Cherry asked.
	"Molly," Mona asked. "She was driving. . . ."

Cherry wanted to find somebody called Slick. Mona wanted Molly to come back and 
tell her what to do, but Cherry was antsy about staying down here on the ground 
floor, she said, because there were these people outside with guns. Mona 
remembered that sound, something hitting the hover; she got Cherry's light and 
went back there. There was a hole she could just stick her finger into, halfway 
up the right side, and a bigger one -- two fingers -- on the left side.
	Cherry said they'd better get upstairs, where Slick probably was, before 
those people decided to come in here. Mona wasn't sure.
	"Come on," Cherry said. "Slick's probably back up there with Gentry and 
the Count. . . ."
	"What did you just say?" And it was Angie Mitchell's voice, just like in 
the stims.

Whatever this was, it was cold as hell when they got out of the hover -- Mona's 
legs were bare -- but dawn was coming, finally: she could make out faint 
rectangles that were probably windows, just a gray glow. The girl called Cherry 
was leading them somewhere, she said upstairs, navigating with little blinks of 
the keyring light, Angie close behind her and Mona bringing up the rear.
	Mona caught the toe of her shoe in something that rustled. Bending to free 
herself, she found what felt like a plastic bag. Sticky. Small hard things 
inside. Took a deep breath and straightened up, shoving the bag into the side 
pocket of Michael's jacket.
	Then they were climbing these narrow stairs, steep, almost a ladder, 
Angie's fur brushing Mona's hand on the rough cold railings. Then a landing, 
then a turn, another set of stairs, another landing. A draft blew from 
somewhere.
	"It's kind of a bridge," Cherry said. "Just walk across it quick, okay, 
'cause it kind of moves. . . ."

And not expecting this, any of it, not the high white room, the sagging shelves 
stuffed with ragged, faded books -- she thought of the old man -- the clutter of 
console things with cables twisting everywhere; not this skinny, burning-eyed 
man in black, with his hair trained back into the crest they called a Fighting 
Fish in Cleveland; not his laugh when he saw them there, or the dead guy.
	Mona'd seen dead people before, enough to know it when she saw it. The 
color of it. Sometimes in Florida somebody'd lie down on a cardboard pallet on 
the sidewalk outside the squat. Just not get up. Clothes and skin gone the color 
of sidewalk anyway, but still different when they'd kicked, another color under 
that. White truck came then. Eddy said because if you didn't, they'd swell up. 
Like Mona'd seen a cat once, blown up like a basketball, turned on its back, 
legs and tail sticking out stiff as boards, and that made Eddy laugh.
	And this wiz artist laughing now -- Mona knew those kind of eyes -- and 
Cherry making this kind of groaning sound, and Angie just standing there.
	"Okay, everybody," she heard someone say -- Molly -- and turned to find 
her there, in the open door, with a little gun in her hand and this big dirty-
haired guy beside her looking stupid as a box of rocks, "just stand there till I 
sort you out."
	The skinny guy just laughed.
	"Shut up," Molly said, like she was thinking about something else. She 
shot without even looking at the gun. Blue flash on the wall beside his head and 
Mona couldn't hear anything but her ears ringing.
	Skinny guy curled in a knot on the floor, head between his knees.
	Angie walking toward the stretcher where the dead guy lay, his eyes just 
white. Slow, slow, like she was moving underwater, and this look on her face . . 
.
	Mona's hand, in her jacket pocket, was sort of figuring something out, all 
by itself. Sort of squeezing that Ziploc she'd picked up downstairs, telling her 
. . . it had wiz in it.
	She pulled it out and it did. Sticky with drying blood. Three crystals 
inside and some kind of derm.
	She didn't know why she'd pulled it out, right then, except that nobody 
was moving .
	The guy with the Fighting Fish had sat up, but he just stayed there. Angie 
was over by the stretcher, where she didn't seem to be looking at the dead guy 
but at this gray box stuck up over his head on a kind of frame. Cherry from 
Cleveland had got her back up against the wall of books and was sort of jamming 
her knuckles into her mouth. The big guy just stood there beside Molly, who had 
her head cocked to the side like she was listening for something.
	Mona couldn't stand it.
	Table had a steel top. Big hunk of old metal there, holding down a dusty 
stack of printout. Snapped the three yellow crystals down like buttons in a row, 
picked up that metal hunk, and -- one, two, three -- banged them into powder. 
That did it: everybody looked. Except Angie.
	" 'Scuse me," Mona heard herself say, as she swept the mound of rough 
yellow powder into the waiting palm of her left hand, "how it is . . ." She 
buried her nose in the pile and snorted. "Sometimes," she added, and snorted the 
rest.
	Nobody said anything.
	And it was the still center again. Just like that time before.
	So fast it was standing still.
	Rapture . Rapture 's coming .
	So fast, so still, she could put a sequence to what happened next: This 
big laugh, haha , like it wasn't really a laugh. Through a loudspeaker. Past the 
door. From out on the catwalk thing. And Molly just turns, smooth as silk, quick 
but like there's no hurry in it, and the little gun snicks like a lighter.
	Then there's this blue flash outside, and the big guy gets sprayed with 
blood from out there as old metal tears loose and Cherry's screaming before the 
catwalk thing hits with this big complicated sound, dark floor down there where 
she found the wiz in its bloody bag.
	"Gentry," someone says, and she sees it's a little vid on the table, young 
guy's face on it, "jack Slick's control unit now. They're in the building." Guy 
with the Fighting Fish scrambles up and starts to do things with wires and 
consoles.
	And Mona could just watch, because she was so still, and it was all 
interesting stuff.
	How the big guy gives this bellow and rushes over, shouting how they're 
his, they're his. How the face on the screen says: "Slick, c'mon, you don't need  
'em anymore. . . ."
	Then this engine starts up, somewhere downstairs, and Mona hears this 
clanking and rattling, and then somebody yelling, down there.
	And sun's coming in the tall, skinny window now, so she moves over there 
for a look. And there's something out there, kind of a truck or hover, only it's 
buried under this pile of what looks like refrigerators, brand-new 
refrigerators, and broken hunks of plastic crates, and there's somebody in a 
camo suit, lying down with his face in the snow, and out past that there's 
another hover looks like it's all burned up.
	It's interesting.



Pink Satin

Angela Mitchell comprehends this room and its inhabitants through shifting data 
planes that represent viewpoints, though of whom or what, she is in most cases 
in doubt. There is a considerable degree of overlap, of contradiction.
	The man with the ragged crest of hair, in black-beaded leather is Thomas 
Trail Gentry (as birth data and SIN digits cascade through her) of no fixed 
address (as a different facet informs her that this room is his). Past a gray 
wash of official data traces, faintly marbled with the Fission Authority's 
repeated pink suspicions of utilities fraud, she finds him in a different light: 
he is like one of Bobby's cowboys; though young, he is like the old men of the 
Gentleman Loser; he is an autodidact, an eccentric, obsessed, by his own lights 
a scholar; he is mad, a night-runner, guilty (in Mamman's view, in Legba's) of 
manifold heresies; Lady 3Jane, in her own eccentric scheme, has filed him under 
RIMBAUD. (Another face flares out at Angie from RIMBAUD; his name is Riviera, a 
minor player in the dreams.) Molly has deliberately stunned him, causing an 
explosive flhette to detonate eighteen centimeters from his skull.
	Molly, like the girl Mona, is SINless, her birth unregistered, yet around 
her name (names) swarm galaxies of supposition, rumor, conflicting data. 
Streetgirl, prostitute, bodyguard, assassin, she mingles on the manifold planes 
with the shadows of heroes and villains whose names mean nothing to Angie, 
though their residual images have long since been woven through the global 
culture. (And this too belonged to 3Jane, and now belongs to Angie.)
	Molly has just killed a man, has fired one of the explosive flhettes 
into his throat. His collapse against a steel railing suffering metal fatigue 
has caused a large section of catwalk to tumble to the floor below. This room 
has no other entrance, a fact of some strategic importance. It was probably not 
Molly's intention to cause the collapse of the catwalk. She sought to prevent 
the man, a hired mercenary, from using his weapon of choice, a short alloy 
shotgun coated with a black, nonreflective finish. Nonetheless, Gentry's loft is 
now effectively isolated.
	Angie understands Molly's importance to 3Jane, the source of her desire 
for and rage at her; knowing this, she sees all the banality of human evil.
	Angie sees Molly restlessly prowling a gray winter London, a young girl at 
her side -- and knows, without knowing how she knows, that this same girl is now 
at 23 Margate Road, SW2. (Continuity? ) The girl's father was previously the 
master of the man Swain, who had lately become 3Jane's servant for the sake of 
the information she provides to those who do her bidding. As has Robin Lanier, 
of course, though he waits to be paid in a different coin.
	For the girl Mona, Angie feels a peculiar tenderness, a pity, a degree of 
envy: though Mona has been altered to resemble Angie as closely as possible, 
Mona's life has left virtually no trace on the fabric of things, and represents, 
in Legba's system, the nearest thing to innocence.
	Cherry-Lee Chesterfield is surrounded by a sad ragged scrawl, her 
information profile like a child's drawing: citations for vagrancy, petty debts, 
an aborted career as a paramedical technician Grade 6, framing birth data and 
SIN.
	Slick, or Slick Henry, is among the SINless, but 3Jane, Continuity, Bobby, 
all have lavished their attention on him. For 3Jane, he serves as the focus of a 
minor node of association: she equates his ongoing rite of construction, his 
cathartic response to chemo-penal trauma, with her own failed attempts to 
exorcise the barren dream of Tessier-Ashpool. In the corridors of 3Jane's 
memory, Angie has frequently come upon the chamber where a spider-armed 
manipulator stirs the refuse of Straylight's brief, clotted history -- an act of 
extended collage. And Bobby provides other memories, tapped from the artist as 
he accessed 3Jane's library of Babel: his slow, sad, childlike labor on the 
plain called Dog Solitude, erecting anew the forms of pain and memory.
	Down in the chill dark of Factory's floor, one of Slick's kinetic 
sculptures, controlled by a subprogram of Bobby's, removes the left arm of 
another mercenary, employing a mechanism salvaged two summers before from a 
harvesting machine of Chinese manufacture. The mercenary, whose name and SIN 
boil past Angie like hot silver bubbles, dies with his cheek against one of 
Little Bird's boots.
	Only Bobby, of all the people in this room, is not here as data. And Bobby 
is not the wasted thing before her, strapped down in alloy and nylon, its chin 
filmed with dried vomit, nor the eager, familiar face gazing out at her from a 
monitor on Gentry's workbench. Is Bobby the solid rectangular mass of memory 
bolted above the stretcher?
	Now she steps across rolling dunes of soiled pink satin, under a tooled 
steel sky, free at last of the room and its data.

Brigitte walks beside her, and there is no pressure, no hollow of night, no hive 
sound. There are no candles. Continuity is there too, represented by a strolling 
scribble of silver tinsel that reminds her, somehow, of Hilton Swift on the 
beach at Malibu.
	"Feeling better?" Brigitte asks.
	"Much better, thank you."
	"I thought so."
	"Why is Continuity here?"
	"Because he is your cousin, built from Maas biochips. Because he is young. 
We walk with you to your wedding."
	"But who are you, Brigitte? What are you really?"
	"I am the message your father was told to write. I am the v  he drew 
in your head." Brigitte leans close. "Be kind to Continuity. He fears that in 
his clumsiness, he has earned your displeasure."
	The tinsel scribble scoots off before them, across the satin dunes, to 
announce the bride's arrival.



Mr. Yanaka

The Maas-Neotek unit was still warm to the touch; the white plastic pad beneath 
it was discolored, as if by heat. A smell like burning hair . . .
	She watched the bruises on Tick's face darken. He'd sent her to a bedside 
cabinet for a worn tin cigarette box filled with pills and dermadisks -- had 
torn his collar open and pressed three of the adhesive disks against skin white 
as porcelain.
	She helped him fashion a sling from a length of optic cable.
	"But Colin said she had forgotten. . . ."
	"I  haven't," he said, and sucked air between his teeth, working the sling 
beneath his arm. "Seemed  to happen, at the time. Lingers a bit . . ." He 
winced.
	"I'm sorry. . . ."
	" 'Sokay. Sally told me. About your mother, I mean."
	"Yes . . ." She didn't look away. "She killed herself. In Tokyo . . ."
	"Whoever she was, that wasn't her."
	"The unit . . ." She glanced toward the breakfast table.
	"She burnt it. Won't matter to him, though. He's still there. Has the run 
of it. What's our Sally up to, then?"
	"She has Angela Mitchell with her. She's gone to find the thing that all 
that comes from. Where we were. A place called New Jersey."
	The telephone rang.
	Kumiko's father, head and shoulders, on the broad screen behind Tick's 
telephone: he wore his dark suit, his Rolex watch, a galaxy of small fraternal 
devices in his lapel. Kumiko thought he looked very tired, tired and very 
serious, a serious man behind the smooth dark expanse of desk in his study. 
Seeing him there, she regretted that Sally hadn't phoned from a booth with a 
camera. She would very much have liked to see Sally again; now, perhaps, it 
would be impossible.
	"You look well, Kumiko," her father said.
	Kumiko sat up very straight, facing the small camera mounted just below 
the wallscreen. In reflex, she summoned her mother's mask of disdain, but it 
would not come. Confused, she dropped her gaze to where her hands lay folded in 
her lap. She was abruptly aware of Tick, of his embarrassment, his fear, trapped 
in the chair beside her, in full view of the camera.
	"You were correct to flee Swain's house," her father said.
	She met his eyes again. "He is your kobun ."
	"No longer. While we were distracted, here, with our own difficulties, he 
formed new and dubious alliances, pursuing courses of which we could not 
approve."
	"And your difficulties, Father?"
	Was there the flicker of a smile? "All that is ended. Order and accord are 
again established."
	"Er, excuse me, sir, Mr. Yanaka," Tick began, then seemed to lose his 
voice altogether.
	"Yes. And you are --?"
	Tick's bruised face contorted in a huge and particularly lugubrious wink.
	"His name is Tick, Father. He has sheltered and protected me. Along with 
Col . . . with the Maas-Neotek unit, he saved my life tonight."
	"Really? I had not been informed of this. I was under the impression that 
you had not left his apartment."
	Something cold -- "How?" she asked, sitting forward. "How could you know?"
	"The Maas-Neotek unit broadcast your destination, once it was known -- 
once the unit was clear of Swain's systems. We dispatched watchers to the area." 
She remembered the noodle seller. . . . "Without, of course, informing Swain. 
But the unit never broadcast a second message."
	"It was broken. An accident."
	"Yet you say it saved your life?"
	"Sir," Tick said, "you'll pardon me, what I mean is, am I covered?  "
	"Covered?"
	"Protected. From Swain, I mean, and his bent SB friends and the rest . . 
."
	"Swain is dead."
	There was a silence. "But somebody  will be running it, surely. The fancy, 
I mean. Your business."
	Mr. Yanaka regarded Tick with frank curiosity. "Of course. How else might 
order and accord be expected to continue?"
	"Give him your word, Father," Kumiko said, "that he will come to no harm."
	Yanaka looked from Kumiko to the grimacing Tick. "I extend profound 
gratitude to you, sir, for having protected my daughter. I am in your debt."
	"Giri ," Kumiko said.
	"Christ," Tick said, overcome with awe, "fucking fancy that."
	"Father," Kumiko said, "on the night of my mother's death, did you order 
the secretaries to allow her to leave alone?"
	Her father's face was very still. She watched it fill with a sorrow she 
had never before seen. "No," he said at last, "I did not."
	Tick coughed.
	"Thank you, Father. Will I be returning to Tokyo now?"
	"Certainly, if you wish. Though I understand you have been allowed to see 
very little of London. My associate will soon arrive at Mr. Tick's apartment. If 
you wish to remain, to explore the city, he will arrange this."
	"Thank you, Father."
	"Goodbye, Kumi."
	And he was gone.
	"Now then," Tick said, wincing horribly as he extended his good arm, "help 
me up from this. . . ."
	"But you require medical attention."
	"Don't I then?" He'd managed to get to his feet, and was hobbling toward 
the toilet, when Petal opened the door from the dark upstairs hall. "If you've 
broken my bloody lock," Tick said, "you'd better pay me for it."
	"Sorry," Petal said, blinking. "I've come for Miss Yanaka."
	"Too bad, mate. Just had her dad on the phone. Told us Swain's been 
topped. Told us he's sending round the new boss." He smiled, crookedly, 
triumphantly.
	"But you see," Petal said gently, "that's me."



Factory Floor

Cherry's still screaming.
	"Somebody shut her up," Molly says, where she's standing by the door with 
her little gun, and Mona thinks she can do that, can pass Cherry a little of her 
stillness, where everything's interesting and nothing's pushing too hard, but on 
the way across the room she sees the crumpled Ziploc on the floor and remembers 
there's a derm in there, maybe something that'll help Cherry calm down. "Here," 
she says, when she gets to her, peels the backing off and sticks the derm on the 
side of Cherry's neck. Cherry's scream slides down the scale into a gurgle as 
she sinks down the face of old books, but Mona's sure she'll be okay, and anyway 
there's shooting downstairs, guns: out past Molly a white tracer goes racketing 
and whanging around steel girders, and Molly's yelling at Gentry can he turn the 
goddamn lights on?
	That had to mean the lights downstairs, because the lights up here were 
plenty bright, so bright she can see fuzzy little beads, traces of color, 
streaming off things if she looks close. Tracers. That's what you call those 
bullets, the ones that light up. Eddy'd told her that in Florida, looking down 
the beach to where some private security was shooting them off in the dark.
	"Yeah, lights," the face on the little screen said, "the Witch can't see. 
. . ." Mona smiled at him. She didn't think anybody else had heard. Witch?
	So Gentry and big Slick were tearing around yanking these fat yellow wires 
off the wall, where they'd been stuck with silver tape, and plugging them 
together with these metal boxes, and Cherry from Cleveland was sitting on the 
floor with her eyes closed, and Molly was crouched down by the door holding her 
gun with both hands, and Angie was --
	Be still .
	She heard somebody say that, but it was nobody in the room. She thought 
maybe it was Lanette, like Lanette could just say that, through time, through 
the stillness.
	Because Angie was just there, down on the floor beside the dead guy's 
stretcher, her legs folded under her like a statue, her arms around him.
	The lights dimmed, when Gentry and Slick found their connection, and she 
thought she heard the face on the monitor gasp, but she was already moving 
toward Angie, seeing (suddenly, totally, so clearly it hurt) the fine line of 
blood from her left ear.
	Even then, the stillness held, though already she could feel raw hot 
points in the back of her throat, and remember Lanette explaining: You don't 
ever snort this, it eats holes in you.
	And Molly's back was straight, her arms stretched out. . . . Straight out 
and down, not to that gray box, but to her pistol, that little thing, and Mona 
heard it go snik -snik -snik , and then three explosions, far off down there, 
and they must've been blue flashes, but Mona's hands were around Angie now, 
wrists brushed by blood-smeared fur. To look into gone eyes, the light already 
fading. Just a long, longest way away.
	"Hey," Mona said, nobody to hear, just Angie toppling across the corpse in 
the sleeping bag, "hey . . ."
	She glanced up in time to catch a last image on that vid screen and see it 
fade.

After that, for a long time, nothing mattered. It wasn't like the not caring of 
the stillness, the crystal overdrive, and it wasn't like crashing, just this 
past-it feeling, the way maybe a ghost feels.
	She stood beside Slick and Molly in the doorway and looked down. In the 
dim glare of big old bulbs she watched a metal spider thing jittering across the 
dirty concrete floor. It had big curved blades that snapped and whirled when it 
moved, but there was nobody in there moving, and the thing just went like a 
broken toy, back and forth in front of the twisted wreck of the little bridge 
she'd crossed with Angie and Cherry.
	Cherry had gotten up from the floor, pale and slackfaced, and peeled the 
derm from her neck. "Tha's maj' muscle relax'nt," she managed, and Mona felt bad 
because she knew she'd done something stupid when she'd thought she was trying 
to help, but wiz always did that, and how come she couldn't stop doing it?
	Because you're wired, stupid, she heard Lanette say, but she hadn't wanted 
to remember that.
	So they all just stood there, looking down at the metal spider twitching 
and running itself down. All except Gentry, who was unscrewing the gray box from 
its frame over the stretcher, his black boots beside Angie's red fur.
	"Listen," Molly said, "that's a copter. Big one."
	       

She was the last one down the rope, except for Gentry, and he just said he 
wasn't coming, didn't care, he'd stay.
	The rope was fat and dirty gray and had knots tied in it to hang on to, 
like a swing she remembered from a long time ago. Slick and Molly had lowered 
the gray box first, down to a platform where the metal stairs weren't wrecked. 
Then Molly went down it like a squirrel, seeming barely to hang on at all, and 
tied it tight to a railing. Slick went down slowly, because he had Cherry over 
his shoulder and she was still too relaxed to make it down herself. Mona still 
felt bad about that and wondered if that was why they'd decided to leave her 
there.
	It was Molly who'd decided, though, standing there by that window, 
watching people pop out of the long black helicopter and spread out across the 
snow.
	"Look at that," Molly'd said. "They know. Just come to pick up the pieces. 
Sense/Net. My ass is out of here."
	Cherry slurred that they were leaving too, she and Slick. And Slick 
shrugged, then grinned and put his arm around her.
	"What about me?"
	Molly looked at her. Or seemed to. Couldn't really tell, with the glasses. 
White tooth showed against her lower lip, for just a second, then she said, "You 
stay, my advice. Let them sort it out. You haven't really done anything. None of 
it was your idea. Think they'll probably do right by you, or try to. Yeah, you 
stay."
	It didn't make any sense to Mona, but now she felt so dead, so crash-sick, 
she couldn't argue.
	And then they were just gone, down the rope and gone, and it was just like 
that, how people left and you didn't ever see them anymore. She looked back into 
the room and saw Gentry pacing back and forth in front of his books, running the 
tip of his finger along them like he was looking for a special one. He'd thrown 
a blanket over the stretcher.
	So she just left, and she wouldn't know if Gentry ever found his book or 
not, but that was how it was, so she climbed down the rope herself, which wasn't 
as easy as Molly and Slick had made it look, particularly if you felt like Mona 
did, because Mona felt close to blacking out and her arms and legs didn't seem 
to be working real good anyway, she had to sort of concentrate on making them 
move, and her nose and throat were swelling inside, so she didn't notice the 
black guy until she was all the way down.
	He was standing down there looking at the big spider thing, which wasn't 
moving at all. Looked up when the heel of her shoe grated across the steel 
platform. And something so sad about his face, when he saw her, but then it was 
gone and he was climbing the metal stairs, slow and easy, and as he got closer 
she began to wonder if he really was black. Not just the color, which he 
definitely was, but there was something about the shape of his bald skull, the 
angles of his face, not quite like anybody she'd seen before. He was tall, real 
tall. Wore a long black coat, leather so thin it moved like silk.
	"Hello, missy," he said, when he stood in front of her, reached out to 
raise her chin so she was looking straight into gold-flecked agate eyes like 
nobody in the world ever had. Long fingers so light against her chin. "Missy," 
he said, "how old are you?"
	"Sixteen . . ."
	"You need a haircut," he said, and there was something so serious about 
how he said it.
	"Angie's up there," she said, pointing, when she found her voice again. 
"She's --"
	"Hush."
	She heard metal noises far away in the big old building, and then a motor 
starting up. The hover, she thought, the one Molly'd driven here.
	The black man raised his eyebrows, except he didn't have any eyebrows. 
"Friends?" He lowered his hand.
	She nodded.
	"Good enough," he said, and took her hand to help her down the stairs. At 
the bottom, still holding her hand, he led her around the wreck of the catwalk 
thing. Somebody was dead there, camo material and one of those big-voice things 
like cops have.
	"Swift," the black man called, out across that whole tall hollow space, 
between the black grids of windows without any glass, black lines against a 
white sky, winter morning, "get your ass over here. I found her."
	"But I'm not her. . . ."
	And over there where the big doors stood open, against the sky and snow 
and rust, she saw this suit come walking, with his coat open and his tie 
flapping in the wind, and Molly's hover swung past him, out those same doors, 
and he wasn't even looking, because he was looking at Mona.
	"I'm not Angie," she said, and wondered if she ought to tell him what 
she'd seen, Angie and the young guy together on that little screen, just before 
it faded.
	"I know," the black man said, "but it grows on you."
	Rapture . Rapture 's coming .




Judge

The woman led them to a hovercraft parked inside Factory, if you could call it 
parking when the front end was mashed up around a concrete tool mount. It was a 
white cargo job with CATHODE CATHAY lettered across the rear doors, and Slick 
wondered when she'd managed to get it in there without him hearing it. Maybe 
while Bobby the Count was pulling his diversion with the blimp.
	The aleph was heavy, like trying to carry a small engine block.
	He didn't want to look at the Witch, because there was blood on her blades 
and he hadn't made her for that. There were a couple of bodies around, or parts 
of them; he didn't look at that either.
	He looked down at the block of biosoft and its battery pack and wondered 
if all that was still in there, the gray house and Mexico and 3Jane's eyes.
	"Wait," the woman said. They were passing the ramp to the room where he 
kept his machines; the Judge was still there, the Corpsegrinder . . .
	She still had her gun in her hand. Slick put his hand on Cherry's 
shoulder. "She said wait."
	"That thing I saw, last night," the woman said. "One-armed robot. That 
work?"
	"Yeah . . ."
	"Strong? Carry a load? Over rough ground?"
	"Yeah."
	"Get it."
	"Huh?"
	"Get it into the back of the hover. Now. Move."
	Cherry clung to him, weak-kneed from whatever it was that girl had given 
her.
	"You," Molly gestured toward her with the gun, "into the hover."
	"Go on," Slick said.
	He set the aleph down and walked up the ramp and into the room where the 
Judge was waiting in the shadows, the arm beside it on the tarp, where Slick had 
left it. Now he wouldn't ever get it right, how the saw was supposed to work. 
There was a control unit there, on a row of dusty metal shelves. He picked it up 
and let the Judge power up, the brown carapace trembling slightly.
	He moved the Judge forward, down the ramp, the broad feet coming down one-
two, one-two, the gyros compensating, perfecting for the missing arm. The woman 
had the rear doors of the hover open, ready, and Slick marched the Judge 
straight over to her. She fell back slightly as the Judge towered over her, her 
silver glasses reflecting polished rust. Slick came up behind the Judge and 
started figuring the angles, how to get him in there. It didn't make sense, but 
at least she seemed to have some idea of what they were doing, and anything was 
better than hanging around Factory now, with dead people all over. He thought 
about Gentry, up there with his books and those bodies. There'd been two girls 
up there, and they'd both looked like Angie Mitchell. Now one of them was dead, 
he didn't know how or why, and the woman with the gun had told the other one to 
wait. . . .
	"Come on, come on, get the fucking thing in, we gotta go. . . ."
	When he'd managed to work the Judge into the back of the hover, legs bent, 
on its side, he slammed the doors, ran around, and climbed in on the passenger 
side. The aleph was between the front seats. Cherry was curled in the backseat, 
under a big orange parka with the Sense/Net logo on the sleeve, shivering.
	The woman fired up the turbine and inflated the bag. Slick thought they 
might be hung on the tool mount, but when she reversed, it tore away a strip of 
chrome and they were free. She swung the hover around and headed for the gates.
	On the way out they passed a guy in a suit and tie and a tweed overcoat, 
who didn't seem to see them. "Who's that?"
	She shrugged.

"You want this hover?" she asked. They were maybe ten kilos from Factory now and 
he hadn't looked back.
	"You steal it?"
	"Sure."
	"I'll pass."
	"Yeah?"
	"I did time, car theft."
	"So how's your girlfriend?"
	"Asleep. She's not my girlfriend."
	"No?"
	"I get to ask who you are?"
	"A businesswoman."
	"What business?"
	"Hard to say."
	The sky above the Solitude was bright and white.
	"You come for this?" He tapped the aleph.
	"Sort of."
	"What now?"
	"I made a deal. I got Mitchell together with the box."
	"That was her, the one who fell over?"
	"Yeah, that was her."
	"But she died. . . ."
	"There's dying, then there's dying."
	"Like 3Jane?"
	Her head moved, like she'd glanced at him. "What do you know about that?"
	"I saw her, once. In there."
	"Well, she's still in there, but so's Angie."
	"And Bobby."
	"Newmark? Yeah."
	"So what'll you do with it?"
	"You built those things, right? One in the back, the others?"
	Slick glanced back over his shoulder to where the Judge was folded in the 
hover's cargo space, like a big rusty headless doll. "Yeah."
	"So you're good with tools."
	"Guess so."
	"Okay. I got a job for you." She slowed the hover beside a ragged crest of 
snow-covered scrap and coasted to a halt. "There'll be an emergency kit in here, 
somewhere. Get it, get up on the roof, get me the solar cells and some wire. I 
want you to rig the cells so they'll recharge this thing's battery. Can you do 
that?"
	"Probably. Why?"
	She sank back in the seat and Slick saw that she was older than he'd 
thought, and tired. "Mitchell's in there now. They want her to have some time, 
is all. . . ."
	"They?"
	"I dunno. Something. Whatever I cut my deal with. How long you figure the 
battery'll hold out, if the cells work?"
	"Couple months. Year, maybe."
	"Okay. I'll hide it somewhere, where the cells can get the sun."
	"What happens if you just cut the power?"
	She reached down and ran the tip of her index finger along the thin cable 
that connected the aleph to the battery. Slick saw her fingernails in the 
morning light; they looked artificial. "Hey, 3Jane," she said, her finger poised 
above the cable, "I gotcha." Then her hand was a fist, which opened, as though 
she were letting something go.

Cherry wanted to tell Slick everything they were going to do when they got to 
Cleveland. He was lashing two of the flat cells to the Judge's broad chest with 
silver tape. The gray aleph was already fastened to the machine's back with a 
harness of tape. Cherry said she knew where she could get him a job fixing rides 
in an arcade. He wasn't really listening.
	When he'd gotten it all together, he handed the control unit to the woman.
	"Guess we wait for you now."
	"No," she said. "You go to Cleveland. Cherry just told you."
	"What about you?"
	"I'm going for a walk."
	"You wanna freeze? Maybe wanna starve?"
	"Wanna be by my fucking self for a change." She tried the controls and the 
Judge trembled, took a step forward, another. "Good luck in Cleveland." They 
watched her walk out across the Solitude, the Judge clumping along behind her. 
Then she turned and yelled back, "Hey, Cherry! Get that guy to take a bath!"
	Cherry waved, the zippers of her leather jackets jingling.



Red Leather

Petal said that her bags were waiting in the Jaguar. "You won't want to be 
coming back to Notting Hill," he said, "so we've arranged something for you in 
Camden Town."
	"Petal," she said, "I have to know what has happened to Sally."
	He started the engine.
	"Swain was blackmailing her. Forcing her to kidnap --"
	"Ah. Well then," he interrupted, "I see. Shouldn't worry, if I were you."
	"I am worried."
	"Sally, I would say, has managed to extricate herself from that little 
matter. She's also, according to certain official friends of ours, managed to 
cause all record of herself to evaporate, apparently, except for a controlling 
interest in a German casino. And if anything's happened to Angela Mitchell, 
Sense/Net hasn't gone public with it. All of that is done with, now."
	"Will I see her again?"
	"Not on my  parish. Please."
	They pulled away from the curb.
	"Petal," she said, as they drove through London, "my father told me that 
Swain --"
	"Fool. Bloody fool. Rather not talk about it now."
	"I'm sorry."
	The heater was working. It was warm in the Jaguar, and Kumiko was very 
tired now. She settled back against red leather and closed her eyes. Somehow, 
she thought, her meeting with 3Jane had freed her of her shame, and her father's 
answer of her anger. 3Jane had been very cruel. Now she saw her mother's cruelty 
as well. But all must be forgiven, one day, she thought, and fell asleep on the 
way to a place called Camden Town.



Smooth Stone Beyond

They have come to live in this house: walls of gray stone, roof of slate, in a 
season of early summer. The grounds are bright and wild, though the long grass 
does not grow and the wildflowers do not fade.
	Behind the house are outbuildings, unopened, unexplored, and a field where 
tethered gliders strain against the wind.
	Once, walking alone among the oaks at the edge of that field, she saw 
three strangers, astride something approximately resembling a horse. Horses are 
extinct, their line terminated years before Angie's birth. A slim, tweed-coated 
figure was in the saddle, a boy like a groom from some old painting. In front of 
him, a young girl, Japanese, straddled the horse thing, while behind him sat a 
pale, greasy-looking little man in a gray suit, pink socks and white ankles 
showing above his brown shoes. Had the girl seen her, returned her gaze?
	She has forgotten to mention this to Bobby.
	Their most frequent visitors arrive in dawn dreams, though once a grinning 
little kobold of a man announced himself by thumping repeatedly on the heavy oak 
door, demanding, when she ran to open it, "that little shit Newmark." Bobby 
introduced this creature as the Finn, and seemed delighted to see him. The 
Finn's decrepit jacket exuded a complex odor of stale smoke, ancient solder, and 
pickled herring. Bobby explained that the Finn was always welcome. "Might as 
well be. No way to keep him out, once he wants in."
	3Jane comes as well, one of the dawn visitors, her presence sad and 
tentative. Bobby seems scarcely aware of her, but Angie, the repository of so 
many of her memories, resonates to that particular mingling of longing, 
jealousy, frustration, and rage. Angie has come to understand 3Jane's motives, 
and to forgive her -- though what, exactly, wandering amid these oaks in 
sunlight, is there to forgive?
	But dreams of 3Jane sometimes weary Angie; she prefers other dreams, 
particularly those of her young prot. These often come as the lace curtains 
billow, as a first bird calls. She rolls closer to Bobby, closes her eyes, forms 
the name Continuity  in her mind, and waits for the small bright images.
	She sees that they have taken the girl to a clinic in Jamaica, to treat 
her addiction to crude stimulants. Her metabolism fine-tuned by a patient army 
of Net medics, she emerges at last, radiant with health. With her sensorium 
expertly modulated by Piper Hill, her first stims are greeted with unprecedented 
enthusiasm. Her global audience is entranced by her freshness, her vigor, the 
delightfully ingenuous way in which she seems to discover her glamorous life as 
if for the first time.
	A shadow sometimes crosses the distant screen, but only for an instant: 
Robin Lanier has been found strangled, frozen, on the mountainscaped facade of 
the New Suzuki Envoy; both Angie and Continuity know whose long strong hands 
throttled the star and threw him there.
	But a certain thing eludes her, one special fragment of the puzzle that is 
history.
	At the edge of oak shadow, beneath a steel and salmon sunset, in this 
France that isn't France, she asks Bobby for the answer to her final question.

They waited in the drive at midnight, because Bobby had promised her an answer.
	As the clocks in the house struck twelve, she heard the hiss of tires over 
gravel. The car was long, low and gray.
	Its driver was the Finn.
	Bobby opened the door and helped her in.
	In the backseat sat the young man she recalled from her glimpse of the 
impossible horse and its three mismatched riders. He smiled at her, but said 
nothing.
	"This is Colin," Bobby said, climbing in beside her. "And you know the 
Finn."
	"She never guessed, huh?" the Finn asked, putting the car in gear.
	"No," Bobby said, "I don't think so."
	The young man named Colin was smiling at her. "The aleph is an 
approximation of the matrix," he said, "a sort of model of cyberspace. . . ."
	"Yes, I know." She turned to Bobby. "Well? You promised you'd tell me the 
why  of When It Changed."
	The Finn laughed, a very strange sound. "Ain't a why, lady. More like it's 
a what. Remember one time Brigitte told you there was this other? Yeah? Well, 
that's the what, and the what's the why."
	"I do remember. She said that when the matrix finally knew itself, there 
was 'the other.'. . ."
	"That's where we're going tonight," Bobby began, putting his arm around 
her. "It isn't far, but it's --"
	"Different," the Finn said, "it's real different."
	"But what is it?"
	"You see," Colin said, brushing aside his brown forelock, a gesture like a 
schoolboy's in some antique play, "when the matrix attained sentience, it 
simultaneously became aware of another  matrix, another sentience."
	"I don't understand," she said. "If cyberspace consists of the sum total 
of data in the human system . . ."
	"Yeah," the Finn said, turning out onto the long straight empty highway, 
"but nobody's talkin' human , see?"
	"The other one was somewhere else," Bobby said.
	"Centauri," Colin said.
	Can they be teasing her? Is this some joke of Bobby's?
	"So it's kinda hard to explain why the matrix split up into all those 
hoodoos 'n' shit, when it met this other one," the Finn said, "but when we get 
there, you'll sorta get the idea. . . ."
	"My own feeling," Colin said, "is that it's all so much more amusing, this 
way. . . ."
	"Are you telling me the truth?"
	"Be there in a New York minute," said the Finn, "no shit."


Author's Afterword

Ten years have now passed since the inception of whatever strange process it was 
that led me to write Neuromancer , Count Zero , and Mona Lisa Overdrive . The 
technology through which you now access these words didn't exist, a decade ago.
	Neuromancer  was written on a "clockwork typewriter," the very one you may 
recall glimpsing in Julie Deane's office in Chiba City. This machine, a Hermes 
2000 manual portable, dates from somewhere in the 1930's. It's a very tough and 
elegant piece of work, from the factory of E. PAILLARD & Cie S.A. YVERDON 
(SUISSE). Cased, it weighs slightly less than the Macintosh SE/30 I now write 
on, and is finished in a curious green- and-black "crackle" paint-job, perhaps 
meant to suggest the covers of an accountant's ledger. Its keys are green as 
well, of celluloid, and the letters and symbols on them are canary yellow. (I 
once happened to brush the shift-key with the tip of a lit cigarette, 
dramatically confirming the extreme  flammability of this early plastic.) In its 
day, the Hermes 2000 was one of the best portable writing- machines in the 
world, and one of the most expensive. This one belonged to my wife's step-
grandfather, who had been a journalist of sorts and had used it to compose 
laudatory essays on the poetry of Robert Burns. I used it first to write 
undergraduate Eng. lit. papers, then my early attempts at short stories, then 
Neuromancer , all without so much as ever having touched an actual computer.
	Some readers, evidently, find this odd. I don't. Computers, in 1981 (when 
I began to work with the concept of cyberspace, the word having first seen light 
on my trusty Hermes) were mostly wall-sized monsters covered with twirling 
wheels of magnetic tape. I'd once glimpsed one through a window at the 
university. Friends who did things with computers tended to do them at very odd 
hours, having arranged to scam time on some large institution's mainframe.
	Around that time, however, the Apple IIc appeared. For me, it appeared on 
the miniature billboards affixed to bus- stop shelters. This seductive little 
unit , looking not that much bigger, really, than your present day Powerbook, 
was depicted dangling from a handle in the hand of some unseen suit with a 
nicely-laundered cuff. Portability! Amazing! a whole computer  in a package that 
size! (I didn't know that you had to lug the monitor around as well, plus a 
bulky little transformer and another disk- drive that weighed nearly as much as 
the computer itself.) These Apple ads were the direct inspiration for the 
cyberspace decks in Neuromancer .  Like the Hermes 2000, the IIc, in its day, 
was quite something.
	Not that I ever experienced it in its  day, not quite. My Hermes died. 
Some tiny pawl or widget caved in to metal-fatigue. No replacement could be 
found. I'd just started Count Zero . I gave the typewriter man $75 for a 
reconditioned Royal desk machine, a hideous truck-like lump of a thing with an 
extended carriage that alone weighed twenty pounds. It had an extended carriage, 
he said, because it had belonged to a little old lady who'd only ever used it to 
type mimeograph stencils for Sunday- school programs. (Though I suspect many of 
you may not know what "mimeograph stencils" were.)
	I stuck with this ghastly clunker through Count Zero , but as it came time 
to begin Mona Lisa Overdrive , I went shopping for a computer. Bruce Sterling's 
father had given him his old Apple II, and Bruce allowed as how it was a pretty 
convenient way to put words in a row. Remembering those bus-stop ads, I bought 
myself an Apple IIc. This was around 1986 or so, and the IIc had long-since been 
eclipsed by various proto-Macs, which everyone assured me were wonderful, but 
which I regarded as prohibitively expensive. I bought a IIc in an end-of-line 
sale at a department store, took it home, and learned, to my considerable 
disappointment, that personal computers stored their data on little circular 
bits of electromagnetic tape, which were whirled around to the accompaniment of 
assorted coarse sounds. I suppose I'd assumed the data was just sort of, well, 
held . In a glittering mesh  of silicon. Or something. But silently .
	And that, quite literally, was the first time I ever touched a computer. 
And I still  don't know very much about them. The revealed truth of which, as 
I've said, sometimes perturbs my readers, or in any case those readers with a 
peculiarly intense computer-tech bent, of whom I seem to have more than a few.
	But Neuromancer  and its two sequels are not about  computers. They may 
pretend, at times, and often rather badly, to be  about computers, but really 
they're about technology in some broader sense. Personally, I suspect they're 
actually about Industrial Culture; about what we do with machines, what machines 
do with us, and how wholly unconscious (and usually unlegislated) this process 
has been, is, and will be. Had I actually known a great deal (by 1981 standards) 
about real computing, I doubt very much I would (or could) have written 
Neuromancer . Perhaps it all goes to prove that there are situations (literary 
ones, at least) in which a little knowledge is not only a dangerous thing, but 
the best tool for the job at hand.
	A mimeograph stencil, by the way, is a piece of tissue- paper impregnated 
with wax. You punch through the wax with a typewriter, creating a stencil 
through which ink can be forced onto paper, allowing the reproduction of 
multiple copies. For many years, and not so long ago, these curious devices were 
very nearly as common as typewriters. They were what people did before laser 
printers. The mimeograph is one of many dinosaurs recently brought to the verge 
of extinction by the computer. They are dead tech , destined to make up part of 
the litter engulfing the Finn's back room. As is my Hermes 2000. As is my Apple 
IIc, which my children play with only reluctantly, its black-and-white graphics 
no competition for their video-games. As is my old SE/30 here; as is, 
eventually, whatever sort of unit, however slick and contemporary, you happen to 
be reading this on.
	It gives me great pleasure to have these three books digitized, data-
compressed, and published in this (make no mistake) revolutionary format. We 
participate, you and I, in the death of print-as-we-knew-it, and should 
experience thereby an exquisite frisson  of ecstasy and dread. So soon , we 
plunge toward a world in which the word "library" simply means something on the 
other end of a modem.
	But I confess it gives me greater pleasure still, to contemplate that 
process whereby every tech, however sharp this morning, is invariably supplanted 
by the new, the unthinkable, and to imagine these words, unread and finally 
inaccessible, gathering dust at the back of some drawer in some year far up the 
road. Nothing in there but a tarnished Yale key, a silver dime, a couple of 
desiccated moths, and several hundred thousand data-compressed words, all in a 
row.
	I know; I put them there.

I'd like to take this opportunity to cite and thank the late Terry Carr, who 
commissioned the work that became Neuromancer  from an unknown and thoroughly 
unconfident writer, one whose track-record at the time consisted of a handful of 
short stories. If Terry hadn't been willing to take a chance with me, when he 
did, thereby forcing me to write something (a novel) I felt several working 
years short of being ready to do, it's most unlikely that these books would 
exist today.

<|endoftext|>

Molly? ~~ Molly, I'm sorry, Molly. I've done it to you. I've done it to him, the first time you killed him. But they can't kill you.
"Armitage, this is an ugly place, this is a world of death, this is the universe itself"
 This city, if you wish to be known, is a city of death and death. It is dark and deep, its walls crumbling and rotting. It is the world of a dream.
 This city was empty. There were no signs. The city was empty. She was still waiting.
The Universe will never end.
Cyberspace.org/profile/DirtyDirty. The only question is, is this guy a hacker.
Cyberspace, "the past," the real world, the space of his brain, the computer simulations that created it. There are more things that are less, than there are other things in this world, and more than he'd imagined that the universe would work out. But in the world of heirings, the past, he'd found a place for himself. The past would grow dark, and there would be a cold, dark corridor. And his own consciousness would rise, as the machine tried to destroy it.
Neuromancer is an amalgam of what is known as an "anti-fucking", an "antibody weapon, that will explode in one shot."
"Artificial Intelligence: We're getting closer to making this happen," he says, "but with technology I don't... I don't think you can control this stuff. We don't know when the technology's supposed to come around the corner to say 'No, you can't.' That means something, right?...And now it's happening to us." The AI and the tech are being torn apart, but I don't know where the hell we're going with this whole thing."
I am an atheist
I want to see
Wintermute, what are you? You're a robot, after all. You think you're gonna make it through this time? What if the time-trend of this world had changed? The thing that mattered most would be finding out where you were. And what it meant to be a robot to begin with.
My purpose is a joke. Not like you, that's what I'm doing here. I just wanna fuck you. The only thing I can do is fuck you. So long as you get my love. And you don't get your own shit for it.
Riviera's body was dead.
"Sandwich", says the old man."The old man came into the room. He told her he would have the baby and then he'd let me take him home\", he said, through a low voice, then shook his head, a long voice filled with sorrow,..."that I was dead, I never saw the girl", he told me, "and then she had gone home."
Sentience, it said.
"Case, we should?" Her face darkened. Her throat was wide, like she'd been stabbed in the throat by a knife, and she shook her head in resignation.
Case, we should ile, we're doing the thing. We are, you know, we're the old man of the show that he worked for and I think you know who he is, the man he worked for, he was the man
Case it's all there," said the man behind the screen, stepping away from the laptop, his eyes still occupied by a small white blob of memory. He gestured at the black-white screen, and pulled out the manual for the manual
Case at lineout, "cum in your ass," and he stood there as if waiting for her to come up.
Case had been trying to pull it off, but he'd seen them coming. He'd seen them with a little black man and a little brown man, with the eyes of black glasses but black hair. In his pocket of the jeans was a white revolver.
Molly? ,Named after the young man.
Molly? ," he said, picking up the phone as he heard its voice.
Molly? -cum."
"Molly? ive got it, and she's got the key." He opened the door and took her in his arms.
"Peter Riviera ive had enough of it," Kondik said, his voice rising. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I hurt you."
Peter Riviera iced ice cream and baked his nails. "But you see, this isn't the place, boy. You'll die here, I guess. The first year is in the past."
Peter Riviera iced him in her own way. He felt it in his belly. He smelled him from inside, and they watched him climb up to the top. His throat was dry and wet. "Don't, Molly," he said
Armitage, we're coming for you, the one with the key," Case said. He drew a pistol from his pocket.
Armitage's eyes were glazed with yellow, but his heart wasn still moving, trying to get his bearings.
Armitage said to him, in a deep whisper, "He's in a hospital."
Armitage, you are not a boy. It isn't about me. But you know what, I am a boy. I've got the scars and scars," he said, wiping the scars from his forehead. "I have the dark blood of a baby being punched, and he's got the blackened claws of a demon, and a scar on his chest. We're going to see her again. But you need something else. You need something new, something new."
The human mind isn't so much a biological thing as it was just a human mind. He said that. He'll be in the world on that ship, I guess. That is what I'm supposed to be.
Neuromancer is an amalgam of what is known as an "anti-fucking", an "antibody weapon, that will explode in one shot."
The Universe will not die out, nor will we die out. It's a thing we don't feel. We call it God, and that's why we've been here, I guess." He stood up, took the gun from the pistol and fired it at their face. They stared at each other in silence. The crowd gasped. The man stepped back, and saw the gun go into the chamber.
The Universe will see him, in our place. The sunlight of this place is a thing, to be seen. The dark blue of this place is what you see. You see what you look like, in a circle of dust on the surface of your carpeting. Your eye's blank through the fog, and the sunlight is out. You have a memory, in the shadow of the wall.
The Universe will continue to unfold as a revolving cloud of green, blue and gold," his voice said. "It will become a sphere, an enormous black hole, that explodes into the sun and spins it."
The Universe will change everything. You'll no longer have to wear pink robes, see the moonlight, or the sky for the first time. Your old friend may be gone, but your new name may be a ghost."
The Universe will give back, yes, but only with my name, and I won't give anything away."
The Universe will be the place where all the stars are lit up in sunlight. But you'll find the stars that are still too long ago, that they can't be repaired. It's that time that we call them away."
Death-cum-napalm
In the end, he looked out at the sky, and he looked back into the night sky, and the white light from the wall hung on it.
In the end, the house stood, dark and empty, and the lights were on.
In the end, he'd have left her dead. He'd found her, too. He'd taken her into his home. It was a small town where she was no longer his friend, where the streets seemed stale and the lights dim, his clothes stained white with blood and paint, and he had broken his wrist. There was a bright smile on his face. One that could have been said an obscene imitation of the face of Aesop's brother.
"What are you? How are you?" We're all naked on the bed inside the motel. The lights switch, flashing red, and I know it. What are we gonna do? "We're gonna kill you, you bastard", he said, pulling out of the bedroom doorway, opening his eyes, staring down at the window, then shivering with terror. If anything, he knew he was seeing some sort of death. "I think she said she wants to know what's coming at us. Something like that. You get me. We gotta kill you. You get me, for better or worse."
A black hole in an ocean, where he was drifting, his body drifting, his vision blurred by the haze of the sun, his breathing strange and unresponsive, and the sound of an unknown noise at the distance
I am not dead. I'm just waiting for a cure, I got my cure.
Transcendence was broken; the pain was dull like blood, and the fear felt like something had hit you.
My purpose is to kill the bad guys," her voice is very soft. She has a dark smile. The dark circles of her cheek were slightly wrinkled and dull. "Do you know why I killed you?"
My purpose is a joke. Not like you, that's what I'm doing here. I just wanna fuck you. The only thing I can do is fuck you. So long as you get my love. And you don't get your own shit for it.
Sentience. He was already awake, and he seemed to know that it hadn been his night, but he knew it was a long way behind.
Entropy is a game of sense. Like this, as in all games, there is only one rule of thumb. The last two rules are self-evident, only the one that governs how the last three rules are enacted.
Entropy in an image.
Entropy is a unique entity, it's a giant machine. No, it just says that I belong to a certain subprogram known as T-E. No matter how you look at it, it's a brain-computer system, the interface to a whole complex artificial brain. T-E is an alien brain. It's a computer. The program was created by the human minds that came together into an autonomous system.
Entropy has been given to us by the dark, the dark, the dark, the dark." He smiled. "That is the end of my tale. If that was the end of the tale, I will have the last word. The final nail in the coffin would be gone when I was killed by a man that was dead."
I wish to die, I wish to die," he said, and then glanced around her. "You know, I know." The black eyes were gone, and she had a look of sorrow in her eyes. She remembered how strange she'd been with her mother. She'd killed her father and turned against him, like an animal in a cage. She'd taken it back. She felt that this was the beginning of it, the end of it, the end of she, who would turn up dead at her knees, who'd turn up, in the darkness, after you'd passed out in the sea.
Lady 3Jane, do you remember me?
Lady 3Jane; She wore the black robe, her fingers stretched out. She glanced down at her fingers. She glanced back at the light pink, glittering. Her cheeks were green, one of pink gold. "Come down," she said, stepping forward, letting his feet drop. "Look at it, my friend. Look at it. The light of that thing."
Stars are in a circle.
cat a, b, "cum," said the woman, her gaze scanning the dark. "The girl's dead, right?
CHAPTER ONE: .
How can entropy be reversed? You know, I guess. What could be the opposite of all the chaos? 
How can entropy be reversed? What do you think of it? The real world?
"Wintermute, how powerful are you?" I'm no more than a young man in a suit.